I strongly support the proposal because it is beneficial for both international students and American people.

It is good for international students because this proposal allows them to get more valuable experience, which is an very important complimentary part to their education in school.

Next I would like to focus more on why it is also beneficial for the American people. 

To begin with, I think competition is a great motivation for the American people. 
Before I start, I have to say that I am very surprised to see in the comments that many american people complain about that they are losing their jobs to foreign job seekers. I really couldn't understand why would they think like that and what makes them feel kicking foreign students out will help them get the job. In my interviewing experience, actually international students are at a disadvantage at the beginning because of their identity and language barrier. They have to work ten times harder and have strong technical skill in order to stand out in the competition. I think that those who couldn't find a job should work harder and learn more instead of trying to kick foreign students out of the country. 
Actually, I think it's competition that motivates people to work harder and contribute more to the who society. In addition, to those who complain about that some international employees take low wages, I just want to say, first many firms have global pay, and even if this is the case, it contributes to the low living cost. 

Moreover, I think this proposal is good because diversity is important. Think about how much international students contributed to the diversity of US society. They bring to the US food, music, art, culture, and so on. These diversity greatly improved the living standards of US people.

Last but not least, international students contributed greatly to the economy of US. Many labs and employers choose international employees for their solid technical skills and diligence. International students have played a great role in the development of technology. 

To sum up, I strongly support this proposal and it will be a great loss for US economy if it stops the opt extension, because one of the key strength of US is the talented people from all over the world.
