I STRONGLY SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:

1. STEM OPT extension provide excellent chance for foreign STEM students to get a better ideal on how the industry in US like. The whole ideal of STEM education is not only educate the best student, but also the best candidates for high-tech.If the knowledge from the school has no use, i.e., student CANNOT get enough practical experience, then the whole system is broken.For STEM students, working experience is also THE MOST IMPORTANT part of their education.That's why student like U of Cincinnati encourages student to get co-op and their students can beat those from UMich or Ohio State. 

2.STEM OPT extension provide good reason for foreign students to get a STEM degree and enhance the communication between engineers and scientists across the globe. With STEM extension, it is possible to build a strong connection between US high-tech industry to other major powers on Earth, such as China, India, and EU. This can build a strong bond between engineers and scientist from different background. The KEY ideal about this communication is the world is a whole, if a country hopes to survive and lead the world with little communication, that country is going to fail. With the help of OPT extension, students can get a degree and gain enough experience before they go back to the home country.That way engineers and scientists from different background will have more chance to start cooperation and make new technique advancement. This will only do good for U.S. economy. If companies in U.S. have little communication or cooperation opportunities with high-tech companies from other countries, it is hard to image how U.S. is going to keep its lead in technology advancement.

3. It is a fact that many talented engineers and scientists in U.S. are actually not from U.S.. It is because U.S. was the best place for innovation, and that is all high-tech is about. A key factor that pushes this to happen is students from different background. If U.S. does not offer them the chance to study and gain practical experience, it would be possible for U.S. to have such a technology lead. This is because many break-through in technology actually comes from working and working is the place for exploration. Thus, if STEM extension is in place, students will have a better chance to help themselves to gain priceless experience and creating a better tomorrow for U.S.. 

