I STRONGLY SUPPORT the OPT extension proposal. 

I saw a comment saying that OPT extension program makes being a citizen worth nothing at all. I feel it is totally on the pursuit of individual interest or benefit without considering national interest and demands at all. The country offers citizens benefits, because it is supporting you to create value for this country. Its original intention is not supposed to let you relax but only enjoy the benefit. So I believe if a foreigner can create the some or more value than a citizen for this country, he/she should have the same right as a citizen, at least the right to stay in this country and work.

Nowadays, the U.S. economy still needs highly skilled foreign workers. Have you heard of brain waste? Thats what is going to happen in the United States if the OPT extension cannot be executive: Skilled, educated foreigners have arrived in this country ready to work. They got jobs but do not have rights to stay and do the job. Isn't it ridiculous?

Currently, the United States is the worlds most attractive destination for people with skills. This country has become this powerful today because its inclusiveness. Thats why United States has a nickname called Melting-Pot. This countrys wealth was created by countless foreigners. However, if this country decides to live behind closed borders, it reminds me of Berlin wall. This wall will keep skilled foreigners away from United States, and is going to close the border between the US and other countries in the world.

You should image with thousands of workers returning to their home country, the next Google or Cisco may be founded overseas. This is great for India and China. China will be able to develop innovative and competitive products. India will be able to offer better and cheaper outsourcing services. Both countries will see thousands of new companies being started one or two of which may be the next Google or Cisco. By encouraging this exodus, we wont create new opportunities for Americans, but only more unemployment. Said Vivek Wadhwa, from Pratt School of Engineering at Duke University.

Paul Feltman, Chair of the steering committee of IMPRINT, a coalition of organizations raising awareness about the talents and contributions of immigrant professionals. He once said the below sentence that I totally agree:"The promise of America is that were the land of opportunity. For immigrant professionals, that opportunity should include being able to work in the field for which they have already been educated. Im talking about meeting the same high standards for professional licensing as American-born applicants."

Making a talented person eligible to work in the US does not only help one person provide for his/her family. It helps the employer who needs his/her skills, the community where he/she pays taxes, and the region in which he/she lives. 

I strongly support the OPT extension proposal because the worlds best and brightest should be welcomed. And I believe as wise as the US government is, they should already found out the importance of foreign workers.
