Zhiming Hu I am one of the supporters for this STEM extension rules and I strongly believe this is a win-win policy for both US government and international students for following reasons. 

First, though someone is worried about that many local students may lose their jobs competing with international students, however, students in STEM subjects should focus on their professional industries which take up only a part of all available jobs. In addition, STEM students have already made many contributions to science and technology's development in USA and as we all know, science and technology can drive the boosting of economy including more job opportunities. So, a longer term of internship for STEM students will encourage them to make more amazing findings and contributions.

Second, more and more international students choose to study in USA rather than UK or other English speaking countries because USA government can provide them practice in corresponding industry for years which enables them to be professional and knowledgeable enough to be competitive in their own counties. If they do not have opportunities to train and study in industry for a long time, USA would no longer be their best choice for them to invest for their education. As a result, the income of university and US government would be affected.

Last, some people think foreign students are very competitive which results in many local students do not have opportunity to work for their dream companies. However, competition is the nature of human race and because of competition, our human race can develop in a short time. Competition can inspire people grow up fast and stimulate their potential. More, it can help firms to choose the best candidate. If a job market is lack of competition, nobody would train and work hard to get their dream job. As a result, firms would not expand their business and develop depending on their new employees. 

For above reasons, I strongly agree with STEM OPT Extension policy. Thanks for your consideration
