Muhammad Wajahat I completely support the OPT extension as I think it is in complete accordance to the core American values of equal opportunity, science and progress. It is a way for international students; who by the way are the most brilliant minded students from all over the world, to legally work in the United States. 

To the people who believe in the myth of 'foreigners stealing American jobs', 
I refer you to the following article which provides some nice arguments to debunk this myth: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/03/29/magazine/debunking-the-myth-of-the-job-stealing-immigrant.html.
An excerpt from the above article:
"
The chief logical mistake we make is something called the Lump of Labor Fallacy: the erroneous notion that there is only so much work to be done and that no one can get a job without taking one from someone else. Its an understandable assumption. After all, with other types of market transactions, when the supply goes up, the price falls. If there were suddenly a whole lot more oranges, wed expect the price of oranges to fall or the number of oranges that went uneaten to surge.

But immigrants arent oranges. It might seem intuitive that when there is an increase in the supply of workers, the ones who were here already will make less money or lose their jobs. Immigrants dont just increase the supply of labor, though; they simultaneously increase demand for it, using the wages they earn to rent apartments, eat food, get haircuts, buy cellphones. That means there are more jobs building apartments, selling food, giving haircuts and dispatching the trucks that move those phones. Immigrants increase the size of the overall population, which means they increase the size of the economy. Logically, if immigrants were stealing jobs, so would every young person leaving school and entering the job market; countries should become poorer as they get larger. In reality, of course, the opposite happens. "

Let's not destroy the core values this nation was built upon and let's give these international students a chance to a better future (legally) in the greatest country of the world.
