Sukhdeep Saini 11 November 2015

The Honorable Jeh Johnson
Secretary of Homeland Security
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rule making (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Non immigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I recently graduated from Northeastern University with Master's In Computer Science. I am currently working as Senior Software Developer In Test on my OPT. There are more than 8,500 international students and scholars from 140 different nations across the world at Northeastern and most of them are on F-1 Visas. Moreover many of my colleagues are working on OPT. I and many of my colleagues will be strongly affected by the Proposed Rule.

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. I'm particularly excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months.I am currently utilizing the skills I achieved by pursuing my Masters Degree in Computer Science and gaining invaluable experience by working as a Software Developer.OPT and OPT extension is important to me because it will help in strengthening my skills and will help me in advancement of my career because of the invaluable experience I am currently getting by working here in the technology industry. In Addition I my utilizing my skills and experience towards the betterment of technology products and make life easier for others, here in USA.

I am very concerned with the possibility that my ability to make use of the STEM OPT Extension might be disrupted by recent court actions, upcoming court actions, and delays in this rule making process. I commend DHS for working quickly to prepare this new Proposed Rule.

I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to F-1 students.

I can surely say that coming to United States of America for higher education was the best decision I made so far for my career. I have learned a lot which helped me in becoming a better individual both in my personal as well as professional life. 

I am looking forward to the new STEM OPT rule.

Best regards,
Sukhdeep Singh Saini
Northeastern University 
College Of Computer And Information Science
