Candice Cochran I strongly support this proposal since this is a double win policy for both U.S. citizens and international students obtaining STEM degrees in U.S. 

Nowadays, U.S. high tech companies are relying on more and more international students to earn profits and compete with other companies all around the world. On the one hand, earning more profits can benefit the U.S. economy and giving more tax to U.S. government and U.S. people. On the other hand, the international students are all gifted students in their own countries, attracting and hiring them in U.S. high tech companies can help these companies compete with their competitors all around the world which will also finally strengthen the leadership of U.S. high-tech field.

Some U.S. citizens might be afraid of losing their jobs. However, the STEM extension proposal is only proposed for international students obtaining STEM degrees in U.S. and working in STEM related areas. There are still a large number of job opportunities in other fields. Besides, even for STEM related fields, all the U.S. companies prefer U.S. citizens if they have the same skill set and capability of working in these areas because they do not have any restriction while the international students need more money and H1B permission to work. However, the situation right now is that, although the high-tech companies want to hire U.S. citizens, there are not enough citizens in these areas, that's why these companies need to spend more time and money on hiring more and more international students in order to keep competing with other companies all around the world. Please do remember, hiring an international student might cost more than hiring a U.S. citizen for the companies need to consider the loss of hiring international employees because of H1B lottery. They do this only because there are not enough qualified U.S. citizens.

U.S. is a country consists of immigrations. The fundamental reason that U.S. can be the number one in the world for more than half of of the centuries is that it is keeping attracting outstanding persons all around the world to contribute for this country. Now that those international students have already got the knowledge in their related areas, why can't we make fully use of their skills for U.S.? It is better to attract them working for U.S. companies rather than other competitors in other countries.

As for the worries about the job opportunity. Spending more time to improve the skill in STEM areas will definitely give everyone the good job opportunity. We are facing the time of globalization. Competitions are everywhere, only the strong persons and companies can win the competitions, free competition is also the spirit of U.S.. If the citizenship is the requirement for hiring persons, more and more well-educated persons will be in other countries which will in turn destroy the STEM related companies in U.S. and finally lose more jobs for U.S. citizens.
