John Wijaya As an international student myself, it has been quite a journey. I came to the United States in 2007 as a student - finished undergraduate program in just 3.5 years - Cum Laude. I worked for about a year until my OPT ran out because my employer at that time was not willing to sponsor me an H1B visa. Having saved every penny during my employment, I was able enroll in a graduate program and remain the country legally. Within two years, not only I obtained my master's degree, I also achieved two major accomplishments: 1. Internship experience with a Fortune 20 company. 2. Experience as a Graduate Assistant teaching undergraduate level courses. Having proven my knowledge, ability, and experience landed me multiple job offers and gladly accepted one of the best. My currently employer is willing to sponsor me with an H1B visa, however, due to a very limited number of visas available, I struggle to get picked on the lottery. In this case, the OPT extension is the only option to stay in this country, legally, until H1B visa is available again.

I strongly support the proposal for the following reasons:

1. International students who have invested their own education fund, knowledge, and experience should be able to have an opportunity to work and develop their career in the US and have the American dreams we all have - International students generate millions of dollars in Tuition payment for the universities.

2. Living in the country for almost 9 years and not knowing what could happen tomorrow is frightening. Having the OPT extension will relieve some of the tension and give another round of opportunity to get selected on the H1B lottery next year.

3. This decision ultimately affects hundreds of thousands of international students who have established their adult life here in the United States. We pay taxes. We comply with rules and regulations. Diversity is great, that what makes the country so great and strong.

4. Some people think that foreign workers create competition - It is NOT a bad thing. Competition is a great thing in business world. Competition will create a motivation to stand out from the crowd, to do a better job, which will boost our economy and create even more jobs.

The proposed rule is moving towards a right direction. It is always fair to make the OPT regulation more strict, while allowing students to stay and work in the country for 36 months after they obtained their STEM degree.
