Xing Luo 1.The benefits for employers in the states
1.1 The supply cannot cover the demand for STEM talents
According to the recent news and information, a increasing number of employment exceed the official expectation which means the economy is recovering little by little. As a result, the demand for employees is increasing also and cannot be filled with domestic graduate merely. If STEM OPT is not allowed to be prolonged, the corporations will have difficulties in hiring staff and influence the recovery of States economy ultimately. Moreover, the prolonged STEM OPT is not going to affect the domestic students because we can know from the past investigations or data that there are a few of domestic students learn the STEM majors. Hence, it won't change or harm the construction of American employment. Viewing this issue from a long-standing influence, attract and accept more international students will accelerate the recovery and provide more jobs.

1.2 STEM should be prolonged due to its work quality 
STEM jobs always involve the research of science. From the perspective of research constitute, they expect staff to have been trained for a long time before they start to work. Fortunately, STEM provide this kind of opportunity. However, if the duration is not long enough and someone is obliged to leave, the program may will suffer the risk of losing VIP team player and as a result, have a negative impact of constitute. In addition, the prolonged continuance will also diminish the cost of employment because the corporations can hire labors in a salary of internship to decrease the unit cost of unit production and eventually enhance the profitability.

2. The advantages for universities and colleges
According to the information from US News 2014, more than one third of international students are from STEM majors, therefore the policy to prolong the duration will fascinate more students to come to study STEM majors 

2.1 International students will color the campus life
The quantity and ratio of international students enrich cultural diversity of university. Students certainly possess better cultural tolerance and worldwide insight under the impact of mutual culture. Indeed, it's widely accepted that the success of States derive from its conception of melting pot which means admitting to different culture and bring about the consistence source of creation. In campus, the mixture conceptions of various countries and nations in the world enable not only domestic students but also international students to concern an abundance of issues more totally and globally, and ultimately nurture more mature global citizens.

2.2 Reinforce the competitive strength in academies
International students play a significant role in STEM graduate program. According to a report of National Foundation for American Policy that international students pursuing the master and doctor degrees occupy 70 percent of electrical engineering, 63 percent of computer science and approximately 50 percent of chemistry, materials as well as mechanism. Hence, the academic achievement need attract more high quality international students to realize.

2.3 Earn more money
International students don't have the subsidy of states and loan and the ratio of students major in STEM programs is quite high. So the fee is considerable. If the OPT is canceled, the number of international students will decrease rapidly and have a negative effect on the university's operation. 

In a word, prolong the continuance of STEM OPT will benefit the States in employment, education and other relative fields.

Sincerely.
