Kun Liu USA permits 85,000 refugees every year, whereas 65,000 employees with H1B. Why should OPT extension be cancelled? This will just reject talent people outside US!

Yes, I am an international student in STEM. I transferred my degree to Computer Science in US because I found that CS, and also many other STEM subjects, are so important to a country. The internet, the software, and many other applications, have created many values for the society, let alone tax.

My roommate has been working at a leading tech company as a software engineer in NY for a year with OPT. His annual salary is 120-150k, and he sometimes complained the tax he has paid, roughly 30%, for the government is huge and can afford himself a lot in his home country. What does this mean? The amount of tax from people like him is huge for the US government! Think about the potential income from those talent people please! Without OPT extension, chances are people like him have to leave US, meaning that US will get less money from them - and please, think about how many refugees are permitted each year and the tax from them - from which group of people, would you expect to get the same level tax?

Besides, why China has blocked many internet companies like Google and Facebook? Well, political issue is one thing, but another thing is that those companies will threat their local companies like Baidu or Alibaba - apparently, they realize the importance of technology and thus want to improve their own technologies. Now I don't know why STEM OPT extension may be cancelled - talents people have to leave US and go back to their country to make the other countries more competitive with US?

Finally, STEM does create values for the society. I am a software developer in a healthcare technology company. I work a lot about improving the healthcare system in US - it is a lot of harding working since this system is perhaps more complicated than any other systems in US, and thus a lot of people have complained it for many years. However, technology is now playing a role in this field and I believe in the near future, a lot of things will be changed in the way that people in this country can benefit. All in all, values are created by STEM is huge, and I don't know why there is a reason to reject those values.

US is a country where immigrants have chance to survive and thrive. I cite the number of refugees and also compare them with us STEM employees, not because I want to reject them outside US or have any bias - we are all welcomed by US and will further contribute to the country. But if the extension is cancelled, we STEM employees cannot contribute to US anymore, and also benefit from - it should be a win-win situation. In conclusion, US needs people in STEM fields and I strongly believe that the 24-month extension of OPT should not be cancelled.
