Tommy Chen I support this proposal. The biography of Tsien Hsue-Shen ``Thread Of The Silkworm'' by Iris Chang describes very well how the US has made a wrong decision by driving Tsien, one who once contributed to the US Space Race, back to China, after an internment for 5 years. Trien get so disappointed with the US, turned the disappointment to a fighting spirit and pioneered China's space program. The US gave China a chance to shorten the technology gap. It takes talented minds to preserve US's overall superiority in science, technology and engineering. The best way to get those talented minds is not to ``capture'' them from foreign research institutions, but rather build the platform to let those alines survive and thrive, let the platform attract them (while placing a watchful eye and a glass ceiling on them, let them make contributions but not usurp the supremacy of the mainstream group.) Driving them away may protect some local jobs but will cost the chance to obtain those top minds.

On an individual point of view, I as a foreigner know so well that I'm given a chance to stay temporarily (OPT is a temporary status) because I am being useful to this country. I am not just one who fills a job, I'm a taxpayer as well. The tax I pay can be used to fund another American student's graduate study or build another super-carrier, and that's why I'm deemed useful. A society with a complete welfare program would probably give some grace to the weak and the homeless, but I as an alien will have no such second chance, therefore my whole existence here depends on me being useful to the US.

From the policy maker's point of view thousands of aliens aggregated together speaks louder than the anecdotes of individuals who tell miserable stories about losing their own jobs. The truth is when people are given incentive (chance of getting a job here) and are given the aforementioned insecurity and pressure, they would probably do better at mind-bending and tedious jobs like grinding computer programs -- the category most OPT jobs fall in -- and surviving the pressure, and emerging stronger and more resilient. Perhaps the pressure and insecurity is a kind of ``luxury'' enjoyed only by aliens because they are forced to fight their way through, much less enjoyed by some citizens who are shielded by protective greenhouses. The US is leading the world which means its citizens will compete with the most elite people in the world sooner or later; even stopping the proposal could not reverse that. Driving F1 students away will only besmirch the image of the US in the eyes of them, while giving a chance for the competitors of US to thrive over the long term.
