Grace Kirby I strongly support this rule for the following reasons:

It is beneficial to everyone that we attract more talented international students from all over the world: they provide financial investment to the educational institutions, and they could contribute to the US societies, and probably give back to the institutions as alumni. Also, some international students have connections in their countries and promote the coordination of the US institutions and universities in other countries. Recruiting more international students from other countries not only provides frequent communication, which is a necessity of inventions in science, but also increases the influence and publicity of US institutions. So, it is a win-win that we have more international students. 

If we offer longer OPT extensions, the international students don't need to apply for other visa through long procedure to utilize what they learn and contribute to the US society. If we don't offer it, the attraction for international students will be much smaller and we lose talented students who have potentials to be scientists, strong contributors to our society, in the challenging STEM domain. Also we may lose diversity.

Also, it is good to keep the university environment competitive with talented students from other countries. This promotes the competitive power and creativity, encouraging everyone in the universities to learn more, which provide future workers or employees with solid skills.

Some people think US workers have less job opportunities if we allow the rule. This is not true. International students with OPT can only work in the e-verified companies, and not all the companies are e-verified. For the positions provided by e-verified companies, they have to offer the positions equally to everyone, which means they just hire the one who fits the position, regardless of nationalities. Thus, a person without luck shouldn't blame OPT because the companies only select employees based on their professional skills.
