Bedrossian Gabriella 
I support extending OPT!!!!!!!!

Lots of people claim that because the OPT and OPT ext policy introduced many cheap foreign STEM students, so they were substituted and lost their jobs. Well it sounds plausible at first, but it is not true.

1) First of all, there's no prove that foreign STEM students will be cheaper than local natives. A company that hires foreign students needs to prove that they can not find equivalent American candidates in the market. To hire these foreign students, the company actually needs to pay much more than hiring Americans. 

2) Why do these companies want to pay more for foreigners instead of going for cheap local candidates? Because the competition a STEM related company facing, is most likely to be national, or even global. In other words, the competition is fierce. Therefore they need the best and brightest to help them. I'm not saying that all foreigners/foreign students are the best and brightest, but limiting the choice within local candidates will be against finding the most suitable employees. Most of the time, these companies are forced to pay more to hire the best candidates they can find.

3) Those people lost their jobs because of foreign STEM students? According to ITIF's research (attached), the demand of STEM related candidates are far more than the market can supply. That's one of the reason forces companies to hire foreigners because they can not find enough local candidates to fill their needs. With such huge demand, you can hardly blame that's foreign STEM students who are likely to have less working experience to steal your jobs.

4) With the help of foreign STEM students, high tech companies are more likely to win in the global market, therefore gaining larger market share and global income and finally result in expanding of the company and hiring more employees including both foreigners and local candidates. So in the long run, it is a win-win situation.

Therefore, without hesitation, I support extending OPT.

Thank you for reading.
