Yangzhong Qin This proposed rule is definitely critical for the US to maintain the leading advantage over all other countries.The US is the most powerful country of the world because its more advanced STEM resources. In the past, all the top level STEM students came to the US and studied here, and then they stayed in the US and made their contributions, mostly because their home countries cannot provide a decent environment for their research. However, this trend is changing. More and more countries realized that STEM is fundamental for their countries long term development. And these countries start to recruit these STEM resources back to their home countries. Under this circumstances, the US should improve the regulations and attract the best STEM students staying in the US.

Further more, the world has fundamentally changed now over the last century. Science and technology has developed into very detail level. This means no single scientist can excel in multiple areas. Having the best STEM scientist is not enough, having a large number of STEM scientists including the best will ensure the advantage of STEM resources. 

Most of the international STEM students are the best in their own countries. They came to the US and received higher level education. The US has already helped them to achieve this high level knowledge and skills, why not try to keep them in the US and make their contributions for this country. Because STEM people are from different countries with different cultures and social network, they cannot easily find jobs immediately after graduation. Even for a native American sometimes take more than two years to find a job. For international students with more restrictions from VISA issues, they have tremendously more difficult to find a job. Giving them more time to find a suitable position is not only good for them but also for the US.

Some people don't like this proposal, because they this will take their job opportunities. They are afraid because they are not competitive as others. They also ignore the fact that the STEM people will make contributions to the country in the long run and make more positions for the whole country. 

