Anonymous Anonymous I strongly support the proposed change to the STEM OPT extension from 17 months to 24 months. The proposed change would only be fair for all the students who are already here on OPT or STEM OPT extension. When they were admitted to the universities in the US, they would not even have dreamed about the STEM extension being declared "illegal" and be potentially scrapped. In no way are the students responsible for this and they would suffer badly if the proposed change does not get implemented. The international students, most of whom have huge amount of education loans that they took to pay for studying at an US University, would face severe economic hardships if the proposed change is not implemented. It is not only the students but also their families' welfare is at a risk, as it is usually the parents who are cosigners for the students' loans.
I believe that the US is a land of opportunity and it would only be fair to give everyone equal opportunity to shape their destiny. With the proposed rule change hundreds of thousands of international students will get a chance at their "American Dream".
Also, currently there is a great shortfall of qualified professionals in the STEM related careers. The employers will also be adversely affected if the proposed change is not implemented. 
The international students who are on the OPT and STEM OPT extensions are not taking jobs away from anyone. They are competing fairly with everyone. Also, they contribute to the US economy.
The education sector in the US is one of the largest contributors to the US economy. With adverse changes to OPT rules, the prospective international students would shy away from coming to US. This is what has happened in the UK after they changed a similar law there. UK saw a drastic drop in incoming international students almost immediately. Such a situation would be disastrous for the US universities as they are already facing budget cuts across the board and it is the international students who contribute a huge amount of funds through tuition payments. So, any changes to the proposed rule would have an immediate and drastic impact on the enrollment of international students into US universities.
I would like to conclude by reiterating my support to the proposed change as it would allow a fair chance to everyone to live and contribute to the United States, both Culturally and Economically.
