Walter Kurka What gets me is the pure laziness and the cowards who are in the Senate and House who do nothing but sit on their thumbs and spin. All we hear is what Executive Orders that obama is signing and they are against the Constitution but nothing is done to stop him or reverse what he is done. It is to the point that none of the Right is worth keeping and they should all be thrown out, the same is with the House, why can't you do what you are suppose to do? I don't even know this country any more. This country caters to the immigrants and their needs and the only reason that obama wants them here is for their votes. This is not a reason to let them into this country but none of Congress is willing to stop it. You think we are all idiots and we don't see what is going on, it is Congress who are the idiots, sneaking tags into bills when we are so deep in debt. Look how much obama continues to give Africa, his home country. Our government is nothing but lies anymore and each of the Congressmen lie to us to cover up the lies they have already told. All of the House and Senate should be replaced and a limit on their terms so they don't get to comfortable, maybe just two three year terms max and then they are out without the retirement package. Then we have the insurance, they get the best of care why we pay for it and after they are out that care continues, that should not be and should stop when they leave office. All this is nothing more then each of them putting themselves up a a pedestal to make them feel big, they are nothing but voters as each of us are. Even the voter fraud is nothing more than a scam on America, the cheating to get into office then suck every bit of what you can get out of this countries blood you can while in office. There all a bunch of liars and thieves. then we have obama who bragged about getting a billion dollars to run in his second term. He claimed he only spent $350 million so where did the other $650 million go? Why does he not have to count it or is it in a Swiss Bank Account after taking all the other American's funds. I also heard that obama has been printing up new money that is very different that what we have now and he is going to force us to trade in our old paper for his new paper at 10 of our dollars for 1 of his dollars thus he believes that he will reduce the debt down to only $1.6 trillion. Then after a certain date the old paper becomes worthless, mmmmmm, does that mean the the drug cartels will be broke when all their US dollars become worthless or will the traitor obama make a deal with them to keep them in business and trade out all their paper evenly one for one? This is no longer America, why did you allow obama to sign off the gun control amendments with the United Nation, I thought our constitution is untouchable, so are the Blue Hats going to come in to the US now and help obama go house to house making every one a felon so they can legally take their guns away? This is not the US anymore, it is becoming a communist country and all those men and women who gave their live to protect that Constitution will now have died in vein all because a do nothing Congress has allowed all this to go on right before our eyes not giving a damn about the US citizens, only how much they can put in their own greedy little pockets while obama single handedly erases pieces of our Constitution. It is time to leave this here United States.......
