Han Wang I believe the expanding for nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees can have a great benefit on the wellness of U.S economy. International students contribute significantly to the diversity of universities and the STEM section is a valuable intellectual asset to both universities and companies, actually, they are the core in scientific and technical innovations. In the past, this is a critical reason for keeping the U.S a sharp edge in human resources. According to my knowledge, International students have consisted more than 65% percent in math and in electrical and computer engineering in many universities. 
International terrorism is an increasing concern now. Some people have expressed worried feeling about the impact on the national safety. But this is irrational; no evidence has shown any connection between STEM students and terrorism. The students have very limited or no access to sensitive section in national securities; on the contrary, their expertise in science and technology has stimulated great ideas and products to gain not only scientific but also humanitarian strength for the whole nation. The value system of the international students in the U.S share a lot in common values in humanity. This is a great power for protecting a peaceful and united world. 
2 years extension is appropriate since a project leading to significance normally takes more than 1 year OPT, when a student has only 1 year OPT, he/she is very limited in applying what he/she has learned to the project problems, this is especially true for research and jobs of similar kind. But those trainings are very very critical for maintaining the knowledge impetus and creativity. 
Finally, the OPT extension poses little threat to native workers, in my opinion, it actually helps maintain a diversified working environment, which is absolutely the characteristic of our modern society, it helps to create more competent and collaborated working teams, improve the quality and raise the competitive level of the native workers as well.
