Hongchen Luo I strongly support the STEM OPT extension. 

First of all, the STEM OPT extension is beneficial for the US academic programs since it makes them much more competitive than programs in the UK and other countries. As a Chinese student learning mathematics related subject, I come to the U.S. to learn more about the area I'm interested in, and I also want to get some hands-on experience through the STEM OPT. When I applied for academic programs in the United States, this is also a major concern. If the STEM OPT extension is canceled, it would make it much harder to gain enough experience after we graduate, and much fewer students from abroad will consider an academic program in the United States, especially those STEM programs. 

With a lot of competitive international students coming to the US, the academic programs in the US are constantly exposed to talented students from all over the world and their different perspectives, which is really important for the general creativity of the academia.

For myself, I really hope that this extension will be supported by more and more people, since it will enable me to get some experience in the United States for a few years before I go back to China, which can make me more competitive in Chinese job market. If the OPT extension is canceled, future international students will take that into consideration when applying for academic programs in the US.

STEM OPT extension is not only beneficial to international students, it also contributes to the growth of the US economy. With more international students studying and traning in the US, there will be more demand for housing(rent), food(restaurant), electronic devices and softwares(APPLE laptops and Microsoft softwares), transportation(Subway, Buses, American Airline, Car Companies) and all sorts of other things. These demand can help drive the US economy and create more jobs.

Moreover, US companies such as Uber that want to enter the Chinese market or other countries can benefit from the market knowledge and cultural understanding of international students and use these resources properly to contribute to their profit and strategic goals.
