Zejun Huang I strongly SUPPORT this proposed rule. The reason why OPT extension exists is to provide better training program for STEM student who STUDIED in the U.S., and a compensation for the shortage of H-1 working visa. International student are attracted by U.S. universities for their excellent education, with the OPT program, these students can be better trained in the real industry, and longer to the U.S.

STEM students are not robbing jobs from *ANY* US citizen. It is clearly not true that companies will give jobs to international students BECAUSE they are INTERNATIONAL, or because they are asking for LESS MONEY. On the contrary, companies may even need to spend more money on an international student for their future H-1 working visa. The only reason a company give a job to anyone, no matter international or not, is that they are qualified for the position. Blaming unemployment rate to international students is clearly ASSUMES FACTS but not providing EVIDENCE. 

STEM students improve US competitiveness in the future. Every developed country is or will be suffering from shortage of younger people as work forces. OPT STEM students ARE the younger work forces. Most of them just graduated from colleges and universities in their 20's, and can provide with more than 40 years of contribution. If the US is welcoming to these students, they might became someone very important in the US STEM future. 

STEM students are the one that the US need to keep. The current immigration law does little favor to the highly educated STEM students than the illegal immigrants who barely can get the minimum wages. The STEM students has no communication obstacles, and they work hard to get a decent job. The not hard working or talented students will need to go back to their country if they cannot get any or keep any job within 3 months after graduation.

The new STEM rule increases the difficulty of getting STEM extension, which ensures that the extension can go to the right people. If you read carefully in this proposed rule, you can see that to get an extension, the STEM student and the employer need to have a training plan. By doing so, the company need to provide an mentor and training program to the qualified student. If a company would like to spend money and time for certain student, the reason must be that they believe in the student and what she/he could contribute in the future. 

Let's think about future for the US. US needs STEM students.

