Christine Nelson I am submitting my comments on the FAIR Action Alerts and they are as follows: 
I. I do agree that this proposal will destroy the job prospects of ALL American STEM graduates. Why? Americans have spent up to thousands and millions of dollars to achieve and contain a higher education to receive a degree from colleges and or universities in the fields of science, technology, engineering and mathematics. Qualified American citizen students should have first bid to these jobs and should not be contracted out as cheap labor to non-citizens. This is one reason why the majority of the people have lost all respect for this so called fair government policy(s) in this country. 
II. One of the rules or laws of this country is if the American people want to received a higher standard in life, and experience the quality of life they must go to school of higher learning to better themselves to be equipped in these areas of STEM and more. Now that the American people are doing this you are willing to forfeit our livelihood to give to non-citizens just to pay less money. This suggestion, thought and proposal is insane and makes no human sense.
III. This may not be relevant to the question at hand, but my question is, will the decision makers in authority and rule in our government be willing to give up their positions, pay and elaborate way of living to see that this happens for foreign "students"? If the answer is no, why would you want the law abiding and tax paying citizens of this country to do so? 
Again, I totally disagree with the proposal and I am casting my vote based on the known facts that are listed below and that this proposal will not be effective, it will be dismissed, eradicated, and cast as null and voided. 
1) The proposed rule will destroy the job prospects of recent American STEM graduates.
2)The proposed rule is an assault on American middle class workers.
3) Expanding OPT eligibility to three years after graduation will increase the labor pool for American tech jobs by hundreds of thousands. That alone will adversely affect job opportunities and wages.
4) OPT provides significant financial incentives for companies to bypass American workers.
5) Because OPT workers are technically "students," employers will not be required to pay payroll taxes for these employees. That would save companies about $10,000 a year for each of the three years they employ OPTs.
6) OPT workers will not have the same rights as other workers to unionize, or to move to different employers.
7) OPT expansion is a blatant attempt to make an end-run around limits on H-1B visas.
