Genghis Arya I strongly support the OPT_stem extension proposed by DHS. Let me allow to explain my 
reasons. 

First of all thanks a lot for the opportunity to express my views. I strongly believe in 
the fact that US is the land of opportunities. Unemployment among the STEM graduates 
mostly undergraduate level is lower in the US. However, most if not all, US citizen 
students are more inclined towards jobs in marketing, sales and so on. Meanwhile, 
most International students are interested in Science and Engineering degrees. Majority
of the Masters graduates would like to have the opportunity of working and learning the
best corporate methodologies in the world. 

MS, Ph.D. International students have shown more inclination towards
pursuing these degrees in Science and Engineering. This shows that they
are more interested in getting jobs in the STEM Areas.

Therefore, contrary to the infamous opinion, it is not the cheap labor that allows 
international students to get STEM jobs, but genuine interest and eligibility 
(due to advanced degrees). Link: Refer:
http://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2014/cb14-130.html

From the above mentioned link it can be inferred that Unites States is
currently facing STEM workforce shortage. This is just a fact published in the 
official government website. Companies like Facebook, Google hire international students 
not because they are cheaper labor force, but because of the technical expertise they 
offer on par with the best of the best minds United States produces.

Depriving of this opportunity to the international students from getting those jobs will
not solve the problem at hand. In fact, it will complicate the job arena. It will
simply hurt the companies that rely on eligible candidates. Eventually,
they may end up outsourcing those jobs across the world.

And moreover, Various universities that rely on large tuition collection
from foreign nationals will lose a major source of revenue. Not to
mention billions-dollars economy that relies on international students
renting houses, cars, travel, shopping, phones, buying cars, tourism
economy when parents and relatives visit America.

Most students come here for education to implement the world class methodologies they 
learn in real world. If the extension is removed, the chances of getting a job
diminish significantly. This will simply lead to students not coming to
the US for study.

Does the US really want students who come to the US and get advanced
degrees in the US to go back and contribute to their home-country
economy and compete with U.S.?

And I would like to point out this rule is designed to train and retain
F1 students who have really worked hard to come to The United States of
America "The greatest country in the world". We have gone through a very
rigorous process just to obtain a visa to come and study in America. We
spend almost twice the money our American counterparts to just pay the
fee for college. But it pains me greatly to see some comments where we
are treated like illegal aliens.

We have come here to study and gain international exposure. And to do
that most of us have spent our entire family fortune and in some cases
our parents are neck deep in debt in our home countries. Stem extension will
provide us with extra time to lessen our economic burden and at the same
time gain some precious experience in our fields.

I believe the following link would also help with my argument, please
take a look at it,

http://www.immigrationpolicy.org/just-facts/immigration-reform-and-job-
growth

In the end, I just want to say that, US economy is built on fair
competition. This extension gives a fair chance to students to compete
and find a job. International students work hard and retain the jobs
because they have too much at stake. They have proven to be great
workers and an asset to many companies all across the US.
