Roice Feng I fully support the proposal for the new OPT extension rule. It benefits not only just to international students, but also to every aspects of US development:

1. From the perspective of US universities, it improves attraction to international students to pursue study in US. In fact, many international students choose US over other countries because the OPT program allows them to get practical training after graduation. If the OPT duration drops, US would not be a top option for international student, as we know there are many other countries working towards instituting policies to attract international students.
2. From the perspective of US job market, it alleviates the labor shortage on STEM jobs. Currently the US job market is still seeing a pressing demand for STEM workers, and according to a study conducted by U.S. Department of Education, there will be a 14%~62% growth in such demands in 2010~2020. The OPT program alleviates such situation by providing a good source of STEM labor of international students. (For those who claimed that OPT program is the cause for US unemployment rate, it is not really the case, as even without OPT, it is difficult to fit most of unemployed US citizens into STEM jobs, which usually requires intensive professional knowledge and skills. I believe if with equal merits, US citizens will still be given priorities on employment given their status.)
3. From the perspective of US high tech companies, it pushes US technology development. Many founders of high tech companies become who they are today thanks to the OPT program, for instance, Mike Krieger in Instagram. And quite a lot STEM workers are leading the technology development continuously. Without them, those high tech companies could get stuck or move slowly, given the source of STEM labor from local US is really limited. If the extension rule is aborted suddenly, it could be a disaster to those companies, as there are tens of thousands of employees that are currently using the extension.

In addition, I believe the new proposed OPT extension rule has improved the existing one:
1. Increasing the extension period to 24 months is reasonable as many projects in STEM fields usually require that amount of time. (In fact, we would hope it to be longer.) If the total extension period is too short, employers will need to frequently seeking for new employees once the OPT of existing employees are expired, if they have to use international students. This could introduce certain employment gap and training burdens to employers.
2. The regulation for wage requirement and E-verify program ensures that the OPT program would not be abused easily by outsoucing companies. (Actually it could be further improved by specifying clearer on the requirements, as well as in h1b rules.) This also protects the benefits of US citizens, as in most cases, they are not really blaming on international students, but on the outsourcing companies which deliver labors from outside countries even without going through OPT.

In summary, I am really thankful that DHS proposed this new OPT extension rule, and hope it will be approved soon. Down the line, if anything goes wrong, I hope there could be some actions to at least continue the extension, so that the decision to revoke OPT extension made by the court would not be a huge disaster to those who are currently using the extension.

