Anonymous Anonymous The OPT extension of STEM field majors can benefit the US in many ways.
First, the students with advanced degrees from STEM fields who are using the OPT extension to work in the US companies contribute the developments in technologies which helps to keep the US as the leading country in hi-tech areas in the world. There is a great demand in the grad students from STEM fields in the US every year. However, the number of US citizens and permanent residents who hold advanced degrees in STEM fields cannot fulfill the shortage. Thanks to the STEM OPT extension, a bunch of international students with advanced degrees in STEM fields can meet the demands in the related areas, which benefit the US economy and the US citizens as well as the green card holders.
Second, OPT is a training program instead of a permanent job. With the help of STEM extension, the international students can spend several months in the internship programs in the US then go back to their home country. In this case, the companies tend to hire US citizens and permanent residents instead of the international students for the sake of cost in losing employees and in applying the work VISA(H1B) for the international employees. Additionally, the OPT extension is only valid in STEM fields, which is a small portion of the entire job market. Therefore, the STEM OPT extension won't affect the job opportunities for US citizens and permanent residents. 
Third, the STEM OPT extension can also benefit the universities in the US. The US offers a longer internship period to the international students compared to other countries in the world. Therefore, more students are willing to come to the US to pursue advanced degrees in STEM fields, which improves the competitiveness of the universities in the US.
In summary, the OPT extension for the students who hold advanced degrees in STEM fields can benefit the US economy and keep the US the leading position in technology areas. Also, the OPT extension hardly affects the job opportunities for US citizens and permanent residents.
