Summer Sheng It is unjust, shortsighted and against the interest of American people to deprive international students' legal right to work in US after graduation simply because they are not citizens. 
Reason as below: 
1. First of all, American is an immigration country, we all come here for an American dream one way or the other. And there are so many elites in varied fields are immigrates in the first place.

2. International students are making huge contributions to the country's economics. Most international students work in scientific and technology, and many of them are among the best in their fields. STEM are fields critical for the US to ace at in order to continue its leadership in the world. 

3. International students pay the income taxes just like any other Americans. Each year, h1b holders pay more than 27%, and often more than 30% of their salary to the federal, and even more to the federal and the state. This money is used in increasing the medical and other welfare of American people And OPT is an important factor an international student obtain h1b visa. 

4. International students pay 3 times as much as the Americans did for the tuition when go to the public universities, and much lesser chance for the financial aid and no way for student loan compared to American students. In situation like this, most of the international pays $200,000 for 4-year undergraduate and $120,000 for 2-year graduate program on average. Rejecting international students would gain us a short-term, illusive relief that there might be temporarily fewer competitors in the job market. However, this short-term satisfaction would be at the cost of long-term benefits of American people and would cause the US to lose ground to the countries that welcome these students. 

American people are wise enough not to harm our long-term benefits by irrational fear and temporary, illusive satisfactions. International students are helping America grow, and are improving the welfare of American people. Losing them, on the other hand, will benefit our competitors and harm US interest. I strongly believe we should pass this proposal and pass more bills in the congress that could make it easier for the international students to stay.
