Mitchell Neville 11/9/2015



Ms. Katherine Westerlund

Policy Chief (Acting)

Student and Exchange Visitor Program

U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement

500 12th Street SW

Washington, DC 20536





Re:Comments on Proposed Rule: Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students

80 Fed. Reg. 63375 (October 19, 2015)

Docket ID: ICEB-2015-0002



Dear Chief Westerlund:



I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

As a United States citizen and recent graduate student, I pursued a STEM degree in Computer Science. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. I work with many foreign individuals reliant on the H-1B visa, who will need to leave the United States if their OPT period is concluded. 


The OPT STEM Extension should be retained for the benefit of STEM graduates, as the previous OPT extension length was too short. Those working during the OPT period should be compensated fairly, and companies should not be able to take advantage of a cheap, immobile work force. 

I've seen first hand the willingness of foreign individuals to tackle STEM problems head on. The problem is not that they are taking American jobs; it's that Americans aren't willing to take their own jobs. We don't stress STEM careers heavily enough in middle and high school, and most Americans are not willing to do a STEM job. In addition, most Americans do not pursue a STEM career at a graduate level. It's no wonder, then, that employers hire foreign, highly educated individuals rather than Americans for STEM careers. 

Rather than blame these people for the problem, we need to address the issue from within. We need to stress STEM education in middle and high school. We need to encourage girls to be involved in STEM careers (in fact, in my opinion, other countries do a better job of this than we do). We need to make foreign individuals excited to work in STEM careers the United States and see that we are fostering innovation and leading the world in STEM. 

With this letter, I urge you to support the U.S. economy by implementing this new rule by February 12, 2016. Thank you for your consideration, time, and support in this matter.



Sincerely,

Mitchell Neville
