I STRONGLY support the new OPT extension.Because it would be a sever loss for the country if the US do not make use of such foreign talents in the STEM field.

1. This WILL NOT take jobs away from qualified US citizens as those positions are still in need for qualified labor forces (even with foreign labors filling in a portion of the positions). This is obvious from the number of STEM job openings. The problem is not how many people are looking for such positions, but how many QUALIFIED people are looking for these positions.

2. OPT employees will need to meet the wage standard in the region in order to be eligible to be employed. Therefore, this will not put US citizens at disadvantage. (as some opposing comments assume that "foreigners will be paid less to drive down the salary level").

3. Employers who hire OPT student will need be be qualified for E-verify, which means that they will have to treat each candidate equally, thus the point that US citizens will be at disadvantage is not valid. Treating everyone equally is exactly the US spirit, this is the base of what the US stands for.

4. Having these OPT students hired for a few years will bring up consumption in the US (tuition, daily expenses etc). This attract MONEY INTO the US and is good for US economy. If the US loses this advantage in attracting foreign talents, then the US economy from the education sector to other consumer sector will be hit badly just on the consumption power side. Not to mention the production force that are generated by these foreign labors.

5. We need to weigh the benefits brought to US economy by the highly skilled foreign talents against those who oppose having these highly skilled STEM labors in the market. It is obvious that those who oppose letting highly skilled labor to even be in the market is trying to sabotage the long term US economy prosperity for securing short term personal gains.

6. 1 year of OPT is not enough to utilize the production power of the OPT labors who