I think this proposed rule is a good idea. I support the DHS.

I am an F-1 student from and about to graduate in 2016. I can tell you those who oppose this rule: we are not making the job competition worse! There are a lot of jobs that we cannot apply. We cannot touch most of the state-related jobs.

You(again, those who oppose this rule) say we make you harder to find jobs, but is it really the case? As far as I know, at least, for Chinese students, lots of them go back to China after graduation. Some of them cannot find a jobs here. Some of them think they will be better off in China. For some find a job here, they might go back to China in the end. And finally for those who REALLY REALLY into American life, they STAY and "take" away you jobs. But they work really hard for the U.S, probably contribute more to the economy of U.S than YOU. 

We F-1 students are paying out-of-state tuition(for public schools). That's why colleges are inclined to hire more international students. Why the colleges do so? Because this is how the wonderful and fair capitalist system work. Everybody want money. It's not a crime. Also, international students definitely contribute their share in U.S economy. 

Why you think we are taking your jobs? Because you guys are the slackers, while the U.S need the most intelligent ones to push forward, to keep the first in the game. I see the effort have put to push U.S kids into STEM education. But it just doesn't meet the need for now. Again, U.S is a fair capitalist system. There is high demand for STEM graduates, and the U.S COULD NOT meet the need without the help of foreigners. Do you really want to see U.S to gradually lose in the competition just because of your thought of slacking off, eh?

At least in terms of Chinese students, I can tell you that with situation, U.S is winning the game. Why? Most(almost all) Chinese students have a stable economic support from their family. THEY DO NO NEED a LOAN. And many of them are hardworking and smar