
For the interest of US people, I support the 24 months extension rule for OPT.

The STEM international students contributes a great deal for US economy. They play important roles in the following 3 aspects.

1. STEM degree international students help the US companies to remain at the cutting edge of Technologies. Which is essential for the US corporations to stay competitive globally. 

As a Finite Element Analyst in a S&P 500 company, I see the STEM international students make up 1/3 of all the core R&D specialists. Without the international students, the whole research capability of the department is believed to drop a lot. In that case, our company is not likely to be able to stay innovative in new products development. This kind of high end talents are rare in local American people, so our R&D department is highly depend on international students. 

Besides, our product development life cycle is quite long, usually last for many years. As a result, the extension for the OPT will greatly benefit our company, in saving quite a lot of the cost to recruit new Analysts and training them.

In conclusion, STEM international students on OPT are very crucial high end work force for R&D, and the companies need them to stay long to promote the new technology.

2. STEM work force belong to the high salary category. Their consumption contribute much more than the average population.

Due the job natures, these international OPT students get much higher salary than average American people. According to what I know, their salary range from 60k to 150k per year, and even higher. Their consumption contribute quite a lot to the overall economy. 

And because of their high salary, there does not exist competence between OPT students and local American workers with average wage.

3. STEM OPT students pay much more tax due to they belong to high income tax bracket.

The OPT students I know pay around 1/3 to the income for tax in California. They help to make a big revenue for the g