I strongly support this for reasons as follows:

1. OPT STEM extension will benefit US economy by letting well educated, highly skilled students working for US companies, making contribution to US economy, keep US in those STEM areas at leading edge.

2. This rule will attract more internal students to US, which will benefit a lot to US economy. International students pay out-of-state tuition, bring large amount of consuming capacity during their stay at US. This will keep US as the most attracting nation for higher education, and creating jobs for American citizens at the same time. This will also ease the pressure of fund shortage for US education system, benefitting US citizens using relative lower cost for higher education.

3. Extending STEM is not to steal jobs from US citizens with lower cost internal workforce. If lower cost is the case, US employers should have a policy for prevailing wage to prevent this issue. The point is using the highly qualified employee to work for US corporations to compete with others. We can have a priority policy to hire US citizens first. However, think in the long run, rejecting all international students, sending them back right after they finish school in US, making them work for other countries and compete against US corporations with US citizens employees only may not be a good idea. Using talents from all over the world, gathering them together to make contribution to US will surely help US a lot.

4. It is true that those international students will introduce competition to US citizens in STEM area. However, in a long run, it will still benefit US citizens in STEM area. Competition simulate evolution, creating plenty of new opportunities, keep US competitive. Many leaders in STEM area nowadays in US are coming originally as international students. They made industrial revolutions, created plenty of jobs, made great contribution to US. International students could also help US corporations win market place overseas, make I