I strongly SUPPORT this expanding. Reasons are as follows.

Firstly, I am a student in America now. It will be a great experience if I could work for a top company for few years after graduation. And I should have right to do so since I would get my degree in America. There is no reason to refuse such a kind of natural demand from a student just because he is a foreigner, that is not the way of America.

Secondly, most of the top technology companies were born in America and became successful here. These companies not only improved all Americas' lives, they changed the whole world. These companies are becoming the the pillars of the United States. They are so large that the native technical employees are definitely not enough to support them. Without the effort of foreign employees and students, they will not be what they are. Besides, there is no doubt that losing these great companies is not only the loss of we migrant workers but also the loss of American people and this grand country.

Thirdly, the policy of OPT could attract more and more outstanding foreign students. That's the most important reason why the United States is the most successful country in the world. What's more, even these students just want to get a degree but not to work here, their will also make a great contribution to the education and economy of America. That's obviously good for everyone including Americans.

I have seen some negative comments here. I know what you are concerning. What I want to say is, everything has both advantages and disadvantages so you are not able to satisfy everybody. 

Let's imagine, what if there are no more foreign STEM students in America? That would just be good for native STEM students, because they will be easier to get a job and gain better salary. But these people are just a small part of American. For the most of Americans, that is totally a bad news. You will not be able to find tenants who are willing to pay such a high rent. Companies will not be abl