Demetris Athienitis I strongly support to expand the OPT time for STEM F1 students for the following reasons:
1. America should welcome those people who have the talents we need. I think that is the only way to keep our prosperity. I think we should give those kids the right for pursuing their american dreams. What's more, I think the more important problem should be how can we attract those most talent people to our country and keep them stay here. I fully understand why our country has the best higher educational system in the world. My answer only has one word, people. Only US can afford to do the tenure track (for professors), just because we have the largest number of talent candidates. The (researching) competition is very cruel, but nobody complaint about that. And those best faculty bring us the best higher educational system in the world. It is tough to keep our prosperity, but America should welcome those people who have the talents we need.

2. I think no one can deny that our elementary educational system is broken. And it may take a very long time to fix this. But, right now, we need more and more talent people in the competition with the new growing powers. By extending the OPT for those talent kids, we may get a tamporary remedy for the huge gap in the HR market. 

3. Someone may argue that those foreign students may lower the pay in those industries. I have to admit that, but only for some minor cases, like for some entry-level jobs. But, I think the more important reason for the diminishing number of entry-level jobs in high-tech industry is globailzation. More and more companies are sending their basic jobs to China and India and I believe it is unstoppable. Do we really need to follow the strategy by Donald Trump to bring all jobs back to USA? Do we really need to assemble those high-tech devices in USA? The answer is absolutely NO, otherwise nobody can afford these. We only need to focus on the high-level jobs and those the most talent people can help us keep these kinds of jobs stay in USA! In addition, these talent people will create much more job opportunities in USA and it also follows our national interests in the long run.
