Vote for SUPPORT!!!!!!!

There is no other country in the world that is more attracting talented and outstanding international students from all walks of life than United States. What's made of United Stated a such powerful nation from the very beginning? The variety of nationalities have been bringing in diverse and dynamic spirit into this very place since 300 hundred years ago. They were slaves and the slave masters, they were legitimate to this land and stowaway, they could be the rich ones and the poor, they were artists and scientists and even criminals or spies....I can go on and on to make examples to prove just one simple point, this land is belong to anyone with a dream and be able to deliver. 

No one is born to earn the equal right. Vote for this act, is for the students who have tried so hard to have the capability and talent to stand on their feet on this land. STEM students, they are never born to be academic or intelligent, they worked thousands of times HARDER to fight for the job opportunities than those who has an American passport with nothing to show. Those so-called natives who are against this prevailing act, they are terrified of STEM students, not because they are terrified of losing jobs they never get, but because they couldn't live up to the promise of making united states a better place just like the STEM students. They were terrified of being leftovers. I completely understand the self-esteem and the fear of change, especially when you are enjoy the natural gift from the God. 
However, the glory is worth fighting for. Look back on the history, the founder fathers paved the way through fire and gun to build the liberty and democracy on this land. Today, how to make sure this nation will thrive economically and bring revolutionary to the mankind? From the individual perspective, STEM students could deliver the promise of their own American dream by working and living here. From the overall situation, the essence of inclusion of American s