Yi Chen <1> I highly agreed to improve and expand training opportunities for F1 students with STEM degrees and cap-gap relief for all eligible F1 students.

<2> This is my fifth year in the US as a STEM student. I have been actively looking for any training opportunities while I'm an undergraduate student. I went to all the Career Fairs in the past five years and I can tell you how many times I was rejected by companies, not because of my academic performance, my professional skills, my conversational skills etc., all I heard was "sorry, we DO NOT hire international student". This sentence has been embedded in my mind for long time, because every time before I want to start a conversation with any person in the Career Fair, they already labeled me as a "not-to-be-considered candidate". From what I observed, the companies specially the big ones such as General Electric, Siemens, IBM etc. are doing a pretty good job on securing their jobs for local people. I do understand their situations and concerns, but whenever I look back, one of the reason that attracted me to come study in US was the equity and respect people can receive here. In fact, I was expecting more opportunities rather than coldly rejected by the professionals who did not even try to know me or give me a chance to talk with. I was under depression over those times, and kept doubting myself and losing my confidence until I heard from my peers who are undergoing the exact same situation as mine. From time to time, I kept seeing lots of talented and outstanding students being turned down by various opportunities because of their identities as an international student (F1). I truly feel upset and being treated unfair. 

<3> To give you more specific details, I'm a top 5% student in my college as well as leader of 3 student organizations. I dedicated myself to volunteer or do community service more than 20 hours each year. When it comes to opportunities, I sent out about 400 resumes on average each year and only have 5 interviews lined up normally. Yes, this is the reality - the companies filter me out in their systems because of my F1 identify and, filter again during interviews. Regardless of how poor the support is out there for international student, I don't think OPT Extension will affect job opportunities for local people as we actually do not have as many opportunities as one would think we have and companies today follow the rules of "using a foreign worker only if they are not capable of finding a local worker to match the job". 

<4> In addition, the existence of OPT Extension is to ensure that the US remains competitive globally. I studied with my American friends all the time, and it was quite obvious that science, technology and engineering subjects seemed to be harder for them. A lot of times I felt so easy to complete my calculus homework because I learnt that at my 9th grade, but none of my American friends they did. I was happy to help them with these subjects, and in the meantime I realized how different the education we received before college. If US wants to remain competitive, the key point is to improve its education which will help the students to remain competitive in the job market. I found it unbelievable that some people thought if the OPT extension is cancelled, they would gain or retrieve more jobs. This appears to me is to shutting the door to the globe and not facing the truth how fast other countries are growing. This is no way close to a solution of securing jobs for local people. Instead of focusing on how to limit the amount of F1 students on OPT Extension or how to restrict the time they could stay here on OPT, considerations and actions should be taken to develop a better way of encouraging the local STEM students. To give you some facts, upon graduation, the average GPA of all engineering students in my school is 2.8 while the average GPA of engineering students who are international students (F1) is 3.2. I see that F1 students bring in competition but I also believe this competition will help the local students to improve their technical capabilities, global acumen, whole leadership and etc.

<5> Overall, I disagree that OPT Extension damages the job opportunities for local people and I encourage the healthy competition between F1 students and local students.
