STEM extension is important and righteous from my experience. Cancelling STEM extension will not only cause a shortage on high-end manpower supply but also a great waste of industrial training resources.

As a pillar and the proud of US economy, technological industry requires continuous input of well trained young talents which is guaranteed by STEM extension. Without STEM extension, talent supply to our technological industry will be jeopardized at least from two aspects. 
1. our graduate education will less appealing and thus much less talented young people will choose US at first place. It is worth noting that Europe universities has better financial support and more attractive social benefits than US and places like Singapore and Mideast are offering incredible graduate study beneficials including RA salary, residential guarantees etc under a lower life cost. But more people chose US over other places because of our STEM extension granted them a better overall career path. I personally know many talents who gave up offers from Europe and Singapore and came to US only with an admission. They really chose to pay their own tuition because of STEM! Without STEM, we are surely losing these treasures.
2. less well trained talents will contribute US economy because of identity reasons. Due to the low possibility of working in US continuously, staying in US for only a year (or even less) will not be so beneficial for their career development and hence many people may not use their OPT at all and head home directly. For those who chose to stay with their OPT, they may not be able to obtain other pass such as H1B and hence has to left within a year. And since H1B select people based on rolling, we are even not holding the best of them, only an average portion by chance!!
What will make our situation worse is that, if we stop STEM extension in such a sudden manner, lots of working force who is currently working under STEM extension will lose their identify and have to lea