I want to again refute some arguments of those anti-immigration voices
1) foreign students take away jobs:
Foreign students in STEM mostly work in IT industry. They create the prosperity of Silicon Valley and Wall Street and in turn boost the economy of US. For people who think prosperity of Silicon Valley has nothing to do with them, just think about all these innovations that are created like Iphone, Ipad and other Internet technologies. 
The loss of US jobs in manufacturing has nothing to do with foreign students in STEM.
They are due to globalization in which US companies ship factories to other countries with cheap labor. Whether you like it or not, that is just the reality.

In addition, US universities rely on revenues from foreign students and in turn these revenues translate into scholarships for US students.

Without OPT, no foreign students will come to US to study and US education system will be in serious collapse

2)Foreign students are cheap labor:
Truly talented foreign students earn very high salaries from US companies because they 
have the skills. There are indeed abuse of OPT by companies importing cheap foreign labor. We support provision to include high prevailing wage requirement. We just need 
a fair environment for competition

3)If foreign students are talented, why do they need training? This gives tax loopholes for companies

OPT is a way of employment-authorization that students use as a benefit. OPT is more than training but a practical experience in which students can apply their skills to contribute and earn salaries to pay back tuition. We also support closing tax loopholes.

4) To those people who are shouting based on negative emotion with inflammatory rhetoric:

If you really have time to shout, why not spend time studying and improving yourself so that you will get a job with good payments? If America let racism and xenophobia to define herself, America will never be the "Shining city on the Hill" or the "greatest country on eart