I strongly support this new OPT extension rule. I'm a chemistry PhD student from China. Before I came to US, I had multiple options to purse my master degree in US, Canada, Singapore, Hong Kong and German. The most important reason I choose to study here is US could provide me the industry training opportunity during school or after graduation. So OPT extension is very important to attract foreign STEM talents. Without this OPT extension rule, I can't believe US could still attract so many foreign STEM talents every year to contribute their knowledge to this country and I probably would choose to study in other countries with better policy to foreign STEM talents. BTW, if this rule is terminated by some reasons, it's definitely a huge disaster to most US high-tech and special chemical companies, like Intel, Apple, Albemarle etc. Because they are supported by foreign STEM talents.

I think that 12 months regular + 24 months extension time is also a good length for OPT program. Based on my previous research experience at NCSU, most large research development projects would last at least two years or more. If the OPT extension time is too short, foreign STEM workers worked on those project would lose their VISA before the projects completion. That is a waste of money for the company who conducted these research projects.

Most importantly, one of the biggest global competitor of US is China. China is developing very fast and there are full of opportunities there. If I don't have the OPT, I will definitely go back to China right after graduation, apply all my knowledge and solid training learned in the US to my new position. I believe I can make huge contribution in my position in China. I believe many Chinese people in the US will do the same thing without OPT. So without OPT, the United State will become a excellent higher education institution for Chinese people, training and providing talented people to China. Then China is going to be more competitive to the US. Al