In regards to changing the OPT Program

The OPT program is a program that already denied American workers over 430,000 jobs AND has removed over 4 BILLION dollars from Social Security and Medicare Trust funds just between 2009 and 2013.

The original purpose of this program was to make foreign students better able to work in their own country of origin and help those countries develop. However, foreign students are using this program as a bridge to stay in the US and employers are using it to get cheaper labor and get around the H-1B caps.

At present, there are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the US, another almost 100,000 are in 12-month OPT programs and still another 30,000 are in 29 month OPT programs. This is already a too big pool of nearly 700,000 foreign student who are being trained at our expense to take away jobs from American STEM workers. Here is why that is very bad for America:

OPT workers are younger so they are cheaper (Salary) to employ, but they are far less experienced, too. In addition, employers don't have to pay FICA or Medicare taxes for OPT employee, who do receive benefits without having to pay for them. The OPT workers holds down a good paying job ($60,000 to $90,000) keeping American STEM workers out of work while costing Social Security more than 1 Billion dollars annually in unearned benefits.

When this program was created by congress, it was obvious that the intent was to have these students go back to their original country. It has been modified, and your proposing to further modify it to make it more and more likely that these students WILL stay in the US and further unfairly compete with American STEM workers. This is CLEARLY against the original intent of congress (by creating a shadow H-1B program) and the best interest of the American people. 

Lastly, the GAO says that this program is "inefficient" and "susceptible to fraud". Further, the GAO says that the DHS does not track the living and working locations of these fore