To Whom It May Concern:

The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. The DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program. It runs counter to the needs of the American worker.

There are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the U.S. in addition to 98,000 in 12-month OPT programs and 30,000 in 29-month OPT programs. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines the job opportunities for American STEM workers. As a result OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013.

OPTs sought after by employers because they are usually younger and most significantly, much much cheaper than their American competitors, save employers 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range, but they cost Social Security about $1 billion dollars a year.

By increasing the time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 years - amazingly same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be valid - there is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established an illegal shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent. If the U.S. indeed "needs" the foreign students to remedy a STEM labor shortage, why do these students need training? If workers with such training are indeed needed, why won't these special mentoring programs be open to Americans? Young /americans desperately in need of Jobs! OPT, in short, expands the pool of cheaper workers, at the expense of American workers. This is how SCE, Disney and so on can legally save lots of money by hiring cheaper foreign workers who are replacing Americans 