The united states is the most advanced country all over the world. As a nation of "star alliance", millions people that come from all across the world are making their own contribution to it. The most outstanding people will of course want to see this land of wonders and miracles in their limited life. OPT policy is a very crucial regulation that both benefit the country and those international students. Here's why.

From the perspective of international students, they would have a equal right to be able to obtain a fairly comfortable time period to show what they are capable of and thus make a difference. Now that there are many jobs and vacancies that are only available to US citizens which could totally understand. But at least, as the most advanced country, it should provide those hundreds of thousands international students a fair chance to choose their own destiny. That said, the OPT policy is a smart choice. It gives international students sometime to make their own preparation and do better. With OPT, those advanced worldwide companies will have a wider range of choice of who they would like to hire. Personally, a employee who already has been working here is really smart and friendly as he/she has to overcome the language problem while in the meantime stand out among his competitors including native speakers as well as other excellent international students. So those students who are able to find an intern/job here are all best of the best. They stand out in their home country so they are here; here they still stand out because they are really excellent even though it is totally different culture and way of living, yet it did not beat those talented.

For our most advanced country side, compared to U.K., OPT helps attract a very large quantity of students. A large percent of them come here with fund from their family. Therefore the paid tuition would definitely promote the economy of the country. Moreover, students has to find a place to live. As a conseque