This expanding training opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees is going to benefit the U.S. economy, so I strongly support this rule for the following reasons:

1. It's American spirit to give everyone equal chance. This spirit is what makes America so attractive

2. This OPT program would attract more foreign students come to study in the U.S. universities, which could solve those financial problems in universities. If this OPT program won't pass, many students would not consider to study in U.S. universities. This would lead many public universities raise their tuition for local American students. Take University of California as an example, if there were not many international students, could the local American students afford their tuition? Think carefully about this, your kids would lose their chance to realize their American dreams if they could not afford expansive school tuition!

3. More talented foreign people work in the U.S. companies are actually helping the U.S. economy growth. The current unemployment rate in the U.S. is low, but the economic growth is still low as well. With more genius working for the U.S., companies, especially those IT companies, would gain more profits.

4. Many foreign students do not want to stay and work in the U.S. permanently after they graduate from college. Most of them just want two or three years work experience in the U.S. so that they could find a nice job back in their own countries. Passing this OPT program would give those foreign students a good chance to get work experience, but it doesn't mean all of those students would use this opportunity to stay in the U.S. forever.

5. To be fair, the passing rate for getting the H-1 visa is and will ,no matter what, controlled by the U.S. government completely. Passing this OPT doesn't necessarily mean those students would have a higher chance to get H-1 visa. This program is mainly used to reduce the cost for companies. Overall benefit big companies 