I strongly support the rule with the following reasons.

1. American is a great nation because American is a nation that believe in freedom and equal opportunity. Create equal opportunity for every one is consistent with the national core value. "The Pew Research Center has found that some 90 percent of Americans believe that the government should do everything it can to ensure equality of opportunity" (The New York Times, 2013).

2. The policy would greatly benefit the national interest. economists believe that immigration has an overall salutary effect on the U.S. economy. "An influx of labor from abroad increases the domestic workforce, allowing the economy to expand. Labor benefits consumers by keeping prices of many goods and services low. And gifted immigrants invent new products and found new businessesthink Sergey Brin of Google and Elon Musk of Tesla Motors." (Phil Davies, 2013).

3. The benefit come WITHOUT sacrificing U.S. workers' benefits. 
"Studies have found that U.S.-born workers suffer minimal fallout from immigration. Many researchers have found that low-skilled workers stand to lose the most from increased immigration, although even for this group the impact is quite small. A 2011 study of U.S. states with different levels of immigration by Giovanni Peri of the University of California, Davis found that foreign-born labor had a negligible effect on the employment and wages of unskilled native workers. Highly educated workers saw their wages increase. Earlier studies by David Card of UC, Berkeley, Pia Orrenius of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas and other economists have shown that immigration reduces the wages of U.S.-born low-skilled workers by no more than 3 percent while having little impact on medium- and high-skilled native workers." (Phil Davies, 2013). Furthermore, the opportunities provided by the rule to foreign high-tech workers do not compete with U.S. low-skilled workers. The concern of this policy to hurt U.S. workers is unreasonabl