Simple and straight forward:
1. Make sure the new rule comes into effect from Feb 15th 2016.Otherwise employers will be pissed off, when the student on F1-visa says he/she can't work for few months. The project in the organization has deadlines and resources are expected to complete their tasks on time.
Hence I strongly request DHS to fix this rule and make it effective on time, so that employers and as well as employees are not impacted.
2. Increase the OPT period to 36 months. Then only it will give enough time for students to learn things on the job training.24 months is not sufficient because of the high competition for H1B visa's(Obviously employer will not be willing to lose the resource, since organization has spent lot of time & money in training the person). So employers want to make use of the trained and skilled resource and if 36 months is given, then both parties will have enough time to get H1B from this heavy competitive lottery.
Next:
People working on OPT doesn't come cheaply for organizations. Employers advertise for job positions and since they are not able to find Native American's with those skills, they go for international students with the cost of sponsoring them visas. So my point is, international students are not pulling the jobs of American's by working for fewer wage.(Average American Indian house hold income is 90K and the average American income is 40K). This tells immigrants don't get jobs because they are cheap, but they get jobs since they are needed.
On an average international student spends 1 year on writing GRE, TOFEL, Appling for universities, getting visa and on top of that paying extra fee to study. He/she works hard on an average of 3 years to complete their education and at the end most of the campus placement companies says; sorry we are not hiring people, who need sponsorship. Then people start applying; through job portals and end up getting one call for every 100 job applications. This employer conducts 3 to 4 rounds of