Earlier this year, I was appalled when the Walt Disney Company fired several hundred of its American computer programmers and replaced them with cheap foreign workers! Many of my IT friends and family through the years have been permanently replaced by foreign workers from Pakistan and India and no longer are able to find work in their chosen profession and have had to take much lower paid jobs at big box stores because of it ! THIS IS AN OUTRAGE!
Now imagine that same thing happening in thousands of companies employing programmers, researchers, software engineers and just about every other job. Hundreds of thousands of jobs will be taken away from Americans!!

This program called the "Optional Practical Training" (OPT) program, is a kind of twisted jobs program for foreign students only. Under the current OPT program, about 130,000 foreign students are given temporary work permits for one or two years. The program is already a scam, since no "training" is given to anybody. These are simply more foreign workers to replace people like our college graduate kids.

Under the new rule, more than half a million additional foreign students would qualify for the newly expanded "OPT" job program, bringing the total to a potential 700,000. 

The jobs these workers are taking are pretty good jobs, averaging about $50,000 a year. Some are paid more than $100,000. 

Wouldn't you and your kids (and grandkids) like a chance at these kinds of jobs? Wouldn't it be terrible if your kids and/or grandkids lost their current jobs, only to be replaced by these "OPT" workers?

Why are the "OPT" foreign workers more likely to get these jobs?

First of all, most of these foreign employees will pay no Social Security payroll taxes, and neither will their employers. An average of $11,000 that employers save per employee by not paying payroll taxes. 

A big bottom-line incentive for employees. 

Because of this, the Social Security fund is already shortchanged more than $1 Billion a year. 

Th