Chris Wong I STRONGLY support this new OPT extension rule for the following reasons. 

First of all, STEM students who came to the U.S. need this opportunity to polish their skill. Actually, OPT is a key reason why many talent students choose U.S. over than other countries since they have a chance to practice what they learn before they go back to their countries. Most of the STEM subjects are all very practical and the OPT is like a concrete part of the study. Stop the extension now is like killing their career after they invest all their time and money. MORE IMPORTANTLY, international students have make a huge boost to the US's education industry and local economy. Stop the OPT extension will just keep potential international students away from the US. New thoughts and minds will stop coming to the US and many University City will probably 'die' and that may mean much more unemployed.

Moreover, it's not just the issue that 'the international student need the OPT', US company also need international STEM students. Many object comments just keep worrying about the international students will 'steal' their jobs. However, we all know it's really tedious and risky for a company hire an international student since there are lots of uncertainty (for example the previous revoke of the extension). Frankly speaking, a company will certainly prefer to hire a US citizen rather international students when it has the option. Same situation on the job market that 90% of jobs will emphasize 'US citizen only' and the remaining jobs open to the international students are all jobs required heavy workload or high technical skill. Companies really need some talent STEM students to finish these tasks and keep itself growing. In the meantime, the whole U.S. economy are growing and more jobs opportunity for the citizen here will be created which will make it a win-win situation.

Last but not the least, kick away the STEM students may in the long term harm US leading position in economy and technology which will eventually cause some serious problem. Right now, US has the world's largest economy and has most advanced technology. But these titles are not coming from nothing nor will they just stay there forever. International graduates are undeniable fresh blood to keep the economy and technology moving forward and losing them make lead to a vicious circle: less talent people come to the U.S and thus slower the economy and technology growth and less attractive the country become which again lead to less talent people come. The country may be strong enough to ignore it now but this is certainly not a right way to go.

In conclusion, I strongly believe that American people are wise enough not to be fooled by irrational fear and support the right rule. With the new OPT extension rule, we are helping the STEM students, the country, and ourselves.
