I believe the 24 month OPT STEM rule will benefit the economy of US significantly, and makes US a more competitive and attractive country.

Unlike the thoughts of some people, I think OPT STEM will not prevent US citizens from obtaining enough work opportunity. For non-STEM areas, OPT STEM does not apply to international students at all, which means the work opportunities available to US citizens in these areas will not be reduced at all. On the other hand, in STEM areas, although OPT STEM allows more international talents to work in US, it will also increase the absolute amount of working opportunities to US citizens in the long term.

People with extraordinary skills are the key to improve the power of the country and push the development of the society. This is especially true in STEM areas. United States, as a country built by talents from all over the world, is currently the most creative, most productive and strongest country in the world. This is due to its open policy for importing talents, regardless of their citizenship. However, talents now find it harder and harder to stay in US to use their extraordinary ability. The limitations on immigration policy is already out-of-date, and the existence of H1B lottery is a good proof it. There is an urgent need to improve this situation. A country without rapid economics increases will never have enough energy to create sufficient open jobs in the market, making the country less attractive to hi-tech workers, thus slowing down its development even more. This is a negative feedback, which will eventually take US out from the top place in the list of countries attractive to talents, weaken its economy and technology rankings in the world, and reduce the amount of available open jobs. This impairs benefits of both US citizens of international talents, hence we should not allow it to happen.

By contrast, the 24 month OPT STEM is the ideal solution to turn it into a positive-feedback and benefits both US citizens and i