I'm a student from Carnegie Mellon University. I SUPPORT this rule. I saw many Americans commenting that foreign students are taking job opportunities away from them. However, the OPT program does NOT place foreign students over US Citizens, but only provide foreign students fair opportunities to compete in the job-seeking pool. 

Also, in my university, I never see any American students in tech related majors cannot find decent jobs if they have good skills. And the IT section in US needs large quantities of talents. Americans even can't fulfill the needs of this job market. The increasing salary in IT industry also shows that the job market needs more talented engineers even more than the supplies. In other words, international students are compensate for the jobs that the local people can't suit. So I believe stopping the STEM program will definitely end with a more severe talent shortage in the IT industry and thus slow down the technology development of US.

Also, the people who are against this rule didn't think about this rule thoroughly.

Lots of outstanding foreign students choose US because America is an open country and they can get not only the best education resources but also the working opportunities. If the they are not allowed to get job opportunities in the States. Many students may choose other countries to study. In this case, there will be a great loss for the education industry since foreign students pay more tuitions and release the financial crisis of many colleges and universities. And there will also be a great harm to the local economy, since foreign students are important consumers in the local communities.

Without the help of foreign workers, lots of job opportunities will not appear. For example, UBER and LYFT hire lots of international students. And many Americans are earning more money and living better lives by driving uber or lyft. Without the contribution of international students, there won't be that much tech companies which can