I don't remember how many times I get calls of asking my immigration status. If I said OPT, then they would just say good bye. Almost all entry level positions accepted only American citizens. The difficulty of looking for a job is already much higher than local Americans. If OPT is cancelled, I would be very happy to return my home country where there is no discrimination. 

I come to U.S is because of my love of the unique culture and openness where people from any background are all welcomed. Well, according to my past two years here, things don't go like this. There are so many limitations for the foreigner and immigrants which resulted in that they are at low social status. They cannot get the respect they deserve for their efforts. After all, can a people be called people if he or she in a society that doesn't allow him or her to work? Is it possible for those kind people to live peacefully and respected who have to worry about how to get working authority or what if he or she lost his or her working authority suddenly? They live in such a situation that their basic rights have no grantee while these rights were born with an America. 

Laws give different people different rights, and these laws produce discrimination. In the past, the difference comes from race, today the difference comes from the so called legal identity. The so called legal identity make a large amount of people live in American cannot be even called a complete person. While equity is a concept exist only among the same person in legal concept. 

We don't expect same rights as American, we just want some basic guarantee that can make foreigner and immigrants live as a person in a human society. If the government is unable to provide a legal way, maybe this is because the government just support illegal way? Haha 

Well, if this policy cancels, it just demonstrated that the reason that my love of America based on doesn't exist at the beginning. 

"Imagine all the people living for today
Imagi