This rule is a good move towards helping international students. 
I place my comment as a middle class student from India for whom coming to the US is just like a dream come true.
Do you know how much effort we put in to achieve this goal of ours and get into this country to study in a reputed university.
Do you know how much hard time we go through leaving our families thousands of miles away and knowing the fact that we cannot meet them for, god knows, how many years later.

To achieve this dream of ours we take bank loans worth $40000 to $70000( 3 to 5 million Indian rupees). And this loan would be granted because our parents pledge their hard earned property with the banks.
It takes years for us to earn this money back and stabilize financially.
If we are supposed to go back to our country as soon as we graduate, it is a financial nightmare for us as it takes the whole lifetime to earn that money in Indian currency and repay the education loan.

We do not get extraordinary and high paid jobs in India if we graduate out of an US university ( unless you graduate from a university like Harvard).
So it is pointless if we come here to study if we are supposed to leave immediately after graduation.

I highly suggest uscis to provide a 3 year H1 visa to masters graduates instead of this opt period.
I got rejected in multiple companies, even though I had all the required skills, only because I didn't have a H1 visa and they cannot depend on the new lottery system to pick my name and then getting H1 visa.

I saw in multiple companies where I could not even apply for a job because the minimum requirement was you should have a green card or citizenship. I see those jobs not being taken even after months because they could not find a suitable candidate.

I seriously do not see us taking away jobs from American citizens. Even today, I see 1000s of jobs for which I'm more than qualified but I cannot apply due to visa restrictions. I was so much surprised, frustrated, sad and 