In my opinion, the OPT extension is necessary and indispensable not only to international student, but also to the American citizens. To the international students, most of the time, the precious working experience is more important than a green card. Most of the international students in United States are from developing countries, like China and India. In these developing countries, they need these international students with a broader view and latest technologies more than United States. But due to the increase of international student population, most of the high salary jobs in these countries are only opened to internationaI students with enough working experience and the staring salary in these countries is not comparable to developed countries like United States. This is the reason why lots of new graduated international students want to find jobs in United States and stay here until they can get a working visa. However, if they can have a total 3 year working experience in United States, I think most of the international students would love to come back to their home country after this period instead of get a green card and stay here forever and the job openings will not be occupied by international students in a long term. And this will encourage more and more international students to come and study in United States and bring huge profits in this way. These international students need to pay relatively higher tuition fee and other fee for school, this income can increase funding for the US universities and colleges to improve the teaching equipment, support research and increase the faculty salaries. Moreover, international students need to live their own lives beside study. This also a huge expense will promote a lot of service industries. For instance, there are Home-Stay towns in California, from where domestic families providing a home stay for the young age international students and make money in this way. And this could be the main household income 