I'm supporting this extension mostly because I'm a F-1 Student in STEM. However, what I'm trying to explain is what an in-wise decision it is if you guys suspend this proposed extension. 

The people the OPT extension can help are those who have already successfully win a job from the High-tech job market, where all the candidates are evaluated under the same standard on base of the intelligent merits. They can survive because they are strong, since not all the foreigners have advantage over US citizens in job seeking. Most of them do actually fail to find a job. If US citizens can do equal better with their foreign competitor, they have great advantage over foreigners in fact, since they have better communication skill in English and better social support in the US. They still fail, thus who should be blamed on? 

Then who are the winners? Actually, they the most brilliant people among their colleagues, and the if there's no OPT, it would not impact those people too much, since the high-tech job market is very open, and the employers are aware of where are the original sources of these guys. For example, GOOGLE, FACEBOOK and AMAZON would employ bunch of graduates directly from the university I acquired my bachelor degree, which is a very top university in my country just like MIT and Stanford in the US. They can work temporarily in international division of those big company until their H1-B approved. 

So if the proposed OPT extension suspended, your education system and related local business and small high-tech enterprises are who get hurts the most. If there's no OPT, your education system is not attractive to those average foreign students any more. After all, elites are the miner in the population. To support your education system as an industry, you have to make it attractive to the major. In many small town with a high quality education institute, foreign students support local business either. As mentioned above, those High-tech giants make their way to ke