1. I heard anti immigrant US citizens have made many complaints concerning the OPT. As a Chinese Biology major, I do not think my happiness or future plans will be much of interest to those anti immigrant folks. You may be the angels busy helping African people under poverty line to get food and shelter; you may be the heroes busy fighting terrorist ISIS in faraway lands; your compassion may drive you to welcome Syrian refuges as they flee their war-torn homeland.
But some of you would not consider giving a tiny bit more opportunity for talented foreigners who envy your country freedom and strong system, and want to fight for you, help boost your economy with technology, and at the same time pursue their own dream (Most of the biology advances happen in the US, you have so many great companies here).
The reason is simple. Some anti immigrants think us as a threat. A threat to your culture, and a threat to your jobs. Ignorance comes from two sources: One you are just uninformed. Two you bias and choose to listen to one voice only, the one that fuels your anger, your selfishness and your aggressiveness. The voice of the animal human rather than the rational human.The later, no words will be able to convince them of the truth. This is not for them.
2. Are we a threat to the US? 
I am no more threatening than an anchor baby. I am healthy, young, intelligent enough, I have the similar values as you do. I am quite "international".I lived in Europe and Japan for some years, and in China for some more years. I love the US, for the fairness of its system, for hamburgers and everything else. I feel happy living here, compared to the highly competitive China and its sick bureaucracy.
3. Is STEM OPT beneficial? 
HSD has made it very clear in its proposed rule. Here I mention some in my own simplified view.
JOBS: Your jobs will not be taken by us. Economy is a cake that increases if people are creating values, and the surplus of values we create will increase jobs.AND needless t