Why STEM Extension is good for America? Because these worries are not true:

Myth 1: Too many international students will make job market become oversupplied, make current Americans working in STEM field get paid less.

That's simply not true, because market is NOT oversupplied now. Based on current job market, it is very unlikely that job market become oversupplied. And even this does happen, it is unlikely that company lowering down the pay of American citizens working in STEM field.

Myth 2: Too many international students will American fresh graduates hard to find job.

That's also not true. First, unlike other jobs, STEM jobs require applicants to have strong skill sets. And as you can see, most popular majors in US college are not STEM majors. In fact, more international students working in STEM field will help to boost fresh graduates employment. Because more STEM workers meaning more managers are needed (and most of international STEM students are not interested in managing people) , and as a matter of fact, the most popular major in America is business administration, so more American students will actually benefit from such policy by becoming managers of these international students. 

Myth 3: Too many international students will change the culture of American companies.

Yes, that's absolutely true. But it is a positive change, because globalization is a competition advantage.

Myth 4: STEM extension lowering the bar to become American citizen.

True and false. Yes, it makes international students with STEM skills easier to achieve citizenship by allowing them stay longer to work out immigration procedure. But isn't this good change? Best of STEM talents are stay in America, it will help increase the competition edge. 

Myth 5: New generations of American become more interested in tech. In fact , number of Computer Science students are increasing each year. At that time, many of international students work in tech companies will become managers, and their