In short, I do support the OPT extension initiative as it does provide a chance for us to bring the best of the best to our shores but digilent rework of our fundamental policies for foreign candidates will be needed.

I personally believe there is a fundamental problem with how people are admitted to the US and given that chance to compete for American jobs. On a bare bone basis, obtaining an OPT opportunity is as simple as getting admission into a US college whether it is through undergrad or graduate programs and finding a job. The problem with this is that there are so many loopholes in increasing the opportunities to get college admissions. I have heard cases from my fellow foreign classmates that mentioned that there are less credible students and institutions that offer the "option" of improving one's education records to help with their admission to the US. Whatever that method is, I can only glean that it is not particularly just. Given all this, our system tends to favor those with higher degrees (ie: Masters and PhDs), when most of the foreign students that do show up on our shores are only here for higher educational degrees that lead to opportunities greater than their American counterparts who typically start job hunting after an undergrad degree. I personally believe that foreign students who arrive to start their college careers at the undergrad level deserves higher recognition for OPT extension as they struggle through all of the same educational system and receive the same training as American students. And if these students continue onward for their Masters/PhDs then they deserve the highest consideration for these opportunities. I personally believe that anything happened before college develops the person with skills to make them successful in college, but college is where the training is applied making them a valuable asset to the workforce, therefore the only difference between the two groups is one is foreign and the other is American. In ot