I am a F-1 student and now benefit from this opt. I think this rule can benefit both US society and international students so I support it. I fully understand the worries from many US people, but I also think from the perspective of US, this rule is also beneficial.

First, although competition can be extremely hard and brings lots of stress, it also push people to learn to stand out and to make a contribution. From the long run, competition help society pick out those people who can really be worthy for the country. This is similar to that wild animal can survive the severe environment while domesticated animal cannot. Smart people know competition actually will not destroy them but to make them better.

Second, this rule can reduce part of the H1B visa. For some F-1 students, they only plan to work in US for 2-3 years. the short opt time require them to get H1B visa so they can stay in US for the third year. However, if they can work with their opt for 3 years then they don't need companies to apply for H1B for them. this is not only a financial save for many companies but also reduce the pressure of H1B visa. If I am a manager that want someone to work on a certain project for 2.5 years and a certain F-1 student fully meets my need, with previous rules I will still not hire him because I don't want to pay H1B visa only for half year. But now with 3 year opt, I can hire the person who can fully create profit for my company, and even may create more jobs on the market!

Third, with more international cooperation in this world, the country which refuse to open will be left behind. As a Chinese citizen, I have to say, the supportive rule of international students working in US actually causes a severe problem in China, many talented Chinese scientists come to US, doing valuable researches for US and all credits goes to US! We have a huge amount of high-tech people loss. So if US people don't want to pass this rule, then our valuable Chinese scientists will come back.