I am an international student with technology undergraduate degree from a foreign institution and currently pursuing an MBA in an U.S. institution. I have 8 years of professional work experience in techno-functional roles. When a student seeks admission into a non-STEM course, his eligibility is gauged based on a number of factors including the undergraduate degree obtained. He is not looked at differently from a U.S. student based on the undergraduate degree obtained. That is, if both have earned a degree in technology irrespective of their institution they are treated alike for assessing their eligibility for being admitted to the course. Then, what is the rationale based on which it is being said that, due to the difficulty in determining the equivalency of a degree obtained at a foreign institution, and because the purpose of OPT is to further one's course of study in the United States, STEM degrees from foreign schools will not be permitted to qualify under the proposed program? After obtaining a degree in Management, one is honing his managerial skills to be able to excel at project management roles with techhnology-focussed skills that have been acquired over the years. Then why shouldn't this benefit be extended to them? This would be a very discouraging step and would end up impacting non-STEM courses of U.S. institutions negatively. Who would want to pursue a non-STEM degree after knowing that it would be so restrictive in terms of being able to earn practical training for their education? Economically, degrees like MBA cost much more than MS degrees do. This is going to depreciate the cash inflow into universities because there would be a definite decrease in internationals enrolling for non-STEM degrees. If this exclusion is put into practice for non-STEM students, the employers will be losing out on getting the top notch brains with well-rounded skills in technology as well as management who can bring benefit to the company and hence the U.S. economy. H