I read few random comments posted against this rule, I would like to respond to those comments first. Few US citizens state that we are: 

Illegal Aliens - We didn't just walk through the borders of USA. We have a valid visa and have entered the USA after crossing all the painful process. Moreover the DHS, SEVIS as well as the university keeps a track of our academics, residence, contact and work records. So stop claiming us as illegal aliens. 

Cheap Labor - Whether STEM OPT is related to science and technology work or some work at your home backyard or what? The students on OPT won't receive few benefits enjoyed by full time employee or people of H1B. It's general to have little difference in pay scale between contracts and regular employees. 

Unskilled Foreigners - How dare you to say that we are unskilled? We maintain good academic records from high school to undergrad degree, we gain ample experience before considering Master's studies, we prove our proficiency in English through TOEFL/IELTS, we strive hard to score in GRE/GMAT and clear the painstaking process to get admission in an renowned university. Are you sure unskilled people can come across these hardships just to get an Master's degree admission?

Regarding the new rule :

I am glad to stand for this new rule. We the foreign students strive hard to get an admission, we earn the degree by staying away from family and friends as well as sacrificing our pleasures, fun time, festival celebrations. The kind of life we live during higher studies include living in small corner of an apartment, having a max of 2 meals per day, bearing education loan, spending each and every penny usefully, walking for miles everyday to reach destination, preparing/cracking minimum 5 rounds of interview to get an offer.

All these hardship deserves a minimum of 3 years of practical experience. It doesn't mean we are here to jeopardize the life of Americans, we give an healthy competition to you, our competition makes you bett