Opt extension is not just important for foreign students who are graduating in US, but also for the US economy, education and politics. It is wise and right that HSD improves and expands OPT for F1 students.

Without extended OPT, lots of students in STEM will find it impossible get a job within a very short time. They have benefited a lot from the US educational systems, and if they are forced to go back to their own countries after graduation, it is no doubt a loss for US since they may apply what they learn to the industry and create extra values than what they earn. Also, US needs these graduates in STEM for a good economy. In many universities, foreign students take up more than half of all the graduate students. Without them, the US will fall in a shortage of advanced researchers and engineers in these areas. What is worse is that even many F1 students with a job will have to quit due to the loss of legal working permission. This is a direct hit to the companies they are working for, and can lead to billions dollars of loss easily. 

Many universities have now their finance depend quite significantly upon foreign students, especially undergraduate and master programs. If people know they are offered no chance for employment after spending several years plus more than 100 thousand dollars of tuition and graduating from a university program, they are likely to withdraw the idea of applying to US universities. As a result, US will be less appealing for attracting foreign students. And these universities will also have trouble in finance, which will hurt the educational service.

Nowadays, globalization features frequent and in-depth communication, and requires high level innovation for a nation to stand strong in global competition. Attracting the smartest foreign students to US to study and work is a necessary part for this end. First, US has not a birth rate high enough; Second, diversity is a value that has been treasured by US people for long, which is defini