shashank arrabotu Hello Commitee, I Strongly support your proposed stem extension from 17 to 24 months , I was truly astound by the number of job opportunities this country has to offer and the amazing research potential ., I could name a few of the many of why i support this extension.

1.I have seen a lot American citizens oppose this rule which from their point of view I would truly understand their concern about immigrant citizens stealing their jobs . As a recent masters graduate from computer science,I got a job as a developer in an insurance company and I tell you the journey hasn't been easy. I applied to more than 400 companies and I got a calls from only 5 , the reason for my rejection most of the companies i applied ,implied or confirmed is that they would strongly prefer a US citizen over an immigrant, and the company in which I got a job ,when i asked them about how many people applied , they replied that they looked for a citizen to fill in the position for a long time but most of their applicants were either not interested at some point or not qualified enough to make it through the interviews. I have to consider myself extremely lucky for getting that job. this clearly implies that most companies already prefer US citizens over Immigrants.

2. I find the education of the most US universities of the top most quality, if there is an opt extension, it would enable many students to work long enough for a company that would make them apply their skills they have gained during their education to the company and thereby contribute to the company's financial and technological aspects.

3. OPT extension would greatly attract a lot of talented students from all around the world who in turn could participate in some outstanding research and thereby contribute to the development of the nation. if there is no opt extension that would result in many talented individuals not choosing US as their education destination, because it would be hard to pay of the huge tuition loan.

as for my final words, whatever the decision regarding the OPT Extension maybe ,I am extremely grateful for America for giving me this opportunity to study and work here. I am thankful because this country made me the person I am today and I have never been more confident to face the challenges in my life both personally and professionally. My Masters here has been truly the turning point of my life. This is truly a life changing experience for me. Thank You USA.
