I strongly SUPPORT this proposal.
Nowadays, I am studying in a Chinese university and seeking to apply to American university for further study. It's very attractive for me to have an opportunity to work with different kinds of people. In other words, I want to have a chance to communicate with people from diversity countries and work with them to solve some extremely difficult problems and invest some innovated products. I always believe that different people, especially those who have diversity cultures and customs, will have various opinions and ideas which is extremely important to American companies. Meanwhile, we cannot deny that working with different people can help students, like me, broaden our horizon so we can be more competitive after we return to our home country. Compared to studying and living in my home country, studying in America will cost much more money, so it's understandable that I want to have the ability to earn more money after I returned my home country. If America cannot provide international students chances to work in American company, many people will try to pursue their academic work in another country which is a severe detriment to US universities and a loss of massive intelligent, hardworking and smart students.
International students are usually young so they are more innovated and talented. Many famous scientists had breakthroughs when they were young and we cannot deny that America is a country of immigrants and it has benefited a lot from immigrants. We can also take massive examples.
Some people claim that those international students will compete with local people. I do agree that more competition mean that this country can develop much faster. America can benefit from it in the lone run because it will urge American to work more efficiently and effectively and perfect their skills. Still, working with international can help them widen their horizons. Today many American companies have branches in other countries which means t