I strongly support OPT extension.

First, I am a master in data science from China. Before I come, I have a number of options, my master's degree can be in the United States, Canada, Singapore and the United kingdom. The most important reason I choose to study here is that we can be provided the opportunity for the industry after school or after graduation. Therefore, the choice of extension is very important to attract foreign talent. If there is no such choice, I can't believe that we can still attract so many foreign countries to contribute their knowledge to this country, and I may choose to learn from other countries better and to do so in a foreign country. By the way, if this rule is terminated by some reasons, this is undoubtedly a huge disaster, most of the U.S. high-tech companies, such as Google, apple, Intel, Facebook, etc., because they are all supported by foreign talent.

Second, just for 1 year OPT, only small , unimportant project can be finished. Or some difficult, creative project, which can change world, must change their team member once a year, it's such an inefficiency! American use a 29 month month OPT before to concentrate so much talent to accelerate the whole world and make American the best. Now, if OPT change to just 1 year, lots of genius ideas's nationality will not in American anymore. But with 12+24 month, it will be lots of benefits to American.

For example, our machine learning project related with traffic need at least 2 and half years, if it can be finished, it can really be a contribution to American people: Less road accident and less time drive home.

Third, when talking about F-1 student with less pay can make local citizen less job, it's not reasonable.
Because with E-verify, " E-Verify process to ensure that E-Verify maximizes the reliability and ease of use of the system, while preventing unauthorized disclosure of personal information and unlawful discriminatory practices based on national origin or citizenship status". 