I strongly support this proposal based on the following reasons.

1. International students with high education in STEM area are needed by universities and companies, and longer legal working period benefits the employers. I am currently in Mechanical Engineering department in university. Based on what I see, there are only a small percentage of native American graduate students choose engineering as their majors. Only several of them are doing thesis. Most of the thesis students are international. Furthermore, I did not see a native American post-doctors in Mechanical Engineering department. Therefore, native students in engineering area are not sufficient. The academic area is supported by international students. Based on what I heard, the companies in STEM area has the similar situation that a big portion of engineers are international. International students are needed! Then we have to think about if 12 month of OPT is long enough for these students. Based on what I see, a lot of projects requires more than one year to finish including some projects that proposed to be done within a year. In this case, it will be convenient for the employers if the student is able to stay for more than a year.

2. A large portion of the income of universities is from international students, and a longer OPT attracts more international students to come to USA for education. The university charges three times of tuition to International students. International and native students obtain the same education while paying differently. Native students actually benefit from international students. The OPT policy is not only a sign of welcome to international students. It is also part of the education. Working experience in USA benefits the future career of the international students. Therefore, OPT extension represents the high level of education of USA.

3. Some people are afraid that international students take the opportunities of native students. However, we have to notice that how 