I am definitely support, and I need bring something up to supplement my first comment.

(1) I called my Landlord which is a police Officer in Jersey City, and he entirely welcome more student to live here. 5-6 years before, Before his living are become a students living area of SIT, his houses that permanently bring to to rent were empty for their half time. But now his houses are always full, because more international students which are able to pay expensive tuition and rent come to US for studying living in this distinct. Moreover he told me these students never delay to pay the rent. Unite States have already promised STEM students to have at least 19 month OPT extension, that's one reason that why they are glad to come here to pay expensive tuition to study and potentiality gain working experience instead of going to other country like UK, Australia or Canada. At least keep the word that DHS has promised to them will attract more student come to US to spend more money here otherwise reputation of US's higher education system would be diminished and Citizens of US won't get more benefit from it.

(2) I am working in a Startup- mid-level IT field company in NYC which has more than 100 employees. For the last several year, it only hire US citizen or permanent people. However it quickly found out not like some position like sales, customer representative, it is really hard to hire qualified candidate of software position just from permanent people. So after a discussion, founders of my company decided to break the limit, even they knew compare to hire a permanent person, hiring a OPT employee will bring more complicated documents to be done, more forms to be filled, and also applied E-verify to attract more talents candidates. After this change, they hired 6 F1 Visa employees, and this company grew form 80 to 140 people now.

(3) Google and other IT companies are keeping encourage more people to learn coding, especially encourage minorities and women to study in th