The cancellation of OPT extension greatly hurts the US economy, whereas expanding OPT training for F1 students greatly benefit the US economy and international influence. 

First of all, US labor market goes out of balance and tech companies lose competitiveness. The demand for STEM students in the labor force is created by the US economy/market, not by the will of any individual student. US economy needs skilled workers in the high-tech industry, and this demand is not fulfilled by US citizens ( if the labor market demand were already fulfilled by US citizens, F1 students would be going to other countries without being asked to). If we abruptly cancel OPT extension, students who are already employed would be forced to leave US and the decrease in labor supply would drastically upset the market equilibrium. We can foresee a shortage of high-tech workers and wages in the high tech industry to rise. Then, the prices of all technology products would rise, and US companies lose competitiveness in the world market. What's more, these students would go back to China, India, Singapore, Canada, etc. all of which are competitors with US companies. US companies lose both brain power, productivity and face increase in costs. What would happen is that the high-tech industry would be outsourced to foreign countries altogether, which hurts US workers even more. 

Secondly, canceling OPT extension hurts the US higher education system. Practical training is an integral part of any student's education. If OPT extension were canceled, US higher education would become less attractive to international students. US loses its prestige as a education leader in the world. Students would turn to countries with friendlier immigration laws, such as Australia. US also loses the chance to culturally influence the brightest young peoples in the world. Also, international students pay about twice the tuition as in-state American students and their consumption contributes to US economy.

The benef