What has happened to you ability to think???? Are you so stupid that you want to fire Americans that have jobs here in order to hire illegals; that are proven law breakers??? 
We need to keep American citizens working and paying their bills and supporting their families and you come along and start writing new regulations that will lead to Americans being fired for the cheaper illegal labor.... Just how much money does Bill Gates and Zukerfield really need that requires them yo push these regulations so they can make another $1.00 per hour??? AND think of the Americans that will be going on welfare..... Soon it will be your turn.......

The proposed rule from the Department of Homeland Security to expand the Optional Practical Training program would be a detriment to American tech workers, especially recent college graduates. The program would allow U.S. companies to hire foreign citizens who have been pursuing a degree for at least nine months in the U.S., artificially expanding the pool of available workers for jobs particularly in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields. As a result, this would put downward pressure on wages for all tech workers. Furthermore, the program actually incentivizes employers to hire foreign students because they don't have to pay the employer portion of payroll taxes or a prevailing wage. Immigration policy should serve in the interests of American workers, not against it.

The Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule to expand the Optional Practical Training program amounts to corporate welfare. The proposed rule would extend the amount of time a foreign student can work in the United States from one year to three years. It artificially expands the pool of available workers, allowing employers to depress wages and avoid paying their share of payroll taxes by hiring foreign workers instead of American workers. This rule lines the pockets of greedy business owners at the expense of American workers.

The time to 