I must say, as a recently graduated international student, I strongly support STEM OPT extension. I believe it benefits both foreigners and Americans. 
Opponents of the OPT extension say we foreigners are stealing jobs from them. But the fact is, when I was about to graduate I submitted tens of job applications everyday, and I got rejected easily just because I'm not a US citizen. In my major, the first ones who got job offers are US citizens. The career director even asked those who are US citizens to put it on their resume so that they'd get selected by the HR. According to my own experience and that of my friends, it is much more difficult for a foreigner to get a job in the US than US citizens. In terms of we accepting lower pay, my pay in my current company is about 80k and as far as I know, it is not lower than the US citizens of my level in the company. Also, we foreigners are paying as much tax as US citizens with the same cost of living. For most of us, we pay higher interests and deposits for loans and leases because of the thin credit history. We pay for our own medical insurance because we don't have US citizen parents. We don't get jobs as easily because our US visa has an expiration date and most companies prefer long term employees. Along the way I feel more struggles than privileges living in this country. Despite all these struggles, I'm still very grateful for the opportunities and possibilities OPT and OPT extension has granted me. To me, the experience of working in the United States is unique and what I couldn't have gotten in my own country, and I believe this is also the core value of this country and what makes it the strongest country in the world: to attract talents from all industries to come here to study, to work, and to live. With the most talented people from all over the world studying and then working here, especially in the STEM fields, it creates a healthy competitive and cooperative work environment, which will eventually do more 