To Whom It May Concern:

First let me remark that I am surely not an opponent of any and all immigration, in fact my mother is a naturalized US citizen and my wife is a Green Card holder. Nonetheless, I am quite convinced that the proclaimed "shortage" of qualified STEM workers in the US labor force is either confined to certain geographical regions, or else entirely bogus. The academic arguments on this issue are mixed and contentious, but also, well known, so I will not recapitulate them here. Instead, as an American citizen STEM worker I would like to discuss how increased foreign competition for domestic STEM jobs has negatively impacted me.

I graduated in 2014 with an M.S. in financial mathematics. Having had a software developer internship over the previous summer, a solid academic record (3.8/4.0 GPA), and under the assumption that there was indeed a shortage of qualified STEM applicants (particularly at the graduate level), I had not anticipated the great difficulties I would subsequently have in finding employment. Through a six-month course of sending out literally hundreds of applications (what was then my 9 AM - 7 PM job), I managed to obtain a mere seven phone interviews, only three of which led to-in person interviews. I should perhaps also mention that my applications targeted any and all opportunities for which I had even a modicum of the desired skill set--all across the country. Finally, after about seven months (entering into the ranks of the long-term unemployed) I was fortunate enough to have been offered an opportunity in one of the less populated states in New England (at a company with no history of H1b sponsorship). Just before I left my home state (where my wife still resides) I had a competing offer for a programming opportunity, paying a meager $15 per hour. 

Perhaps I should not look so bleakly upon receiving only seven requests for a phone interview during the first six months of my job search, perhaps my resumes and cover letters pre