Kobe Park I totally SUPPORT this rule.

As a citizen who used to be an international student with F1 visa, I strongly believe that this rule will benefit our country in several prospects.

1. It will bring more international student to U.S.. As I know, the tuition and stipend in U.S. is higher than other countries, like Canada, U.K., Australia. One of the reason why the education in U.S. is so attractive despite the higher cost is that we have the OPT and OPT extension program. These international talents can not only gain knowledge in school but also have the opportunity to gain work experience. Based on the survey(http://www.iie.org/Research-and-Publications/Open-Doors/Data/Economic-Impact-of-International-Students), in 2013/14 international students contributes 27,000,000,000 dollars to U.S. economy. If this rule is declined, it will decrease the number of international students sharply and definitely harm the economy.

2. Based on my own experience as hiring manager, I prefer hiring a citizen rather than an international student. Because hiring an international student will cost more money than hiring a citizen. Company need to file work visa for them and at the same time take the risk to lost the candidates if they are not selected in the H1 work visa lottery. So I don't think this rule will put the non-citizens in front of citizens.

3. Someone claim that this rule will allow non-citizens "steal" their job opportunities since they are much cheaper than citizens. I fully oppose their opinion. One reason is mentioned in sentence 2. Besides that, the non-citizens who "steal" their jobs due to low wage are those from offshore consulting firms. These guys don't have a degree from educational institutions in U.S. and they only need a much cheaper salary to be hired. We should propose law to forbid them to steal work opportunity from citizens. 

4. Besides, strong restrictions must be made to make sure that these international students don't harm the right of citizens. For instance, wage minimum requirement, company blacklist of who cheat in hiring international students.
