Ramawatar Agarwal 
I strongly support the Proposed Rule for the following reasons

1 Any Proposed Rule of a Government is to be tested on the criteria whether the Proposed Rule will benefit its citizens and residents in particular and the entire world at large. I have not come across any adverse comment that the Proposed Rule ( ICEB-2015-0002 ) will not benefit: 

a) the U. S. educational system by helping to ensure that the nations's colleges and universities remain globly competitive in attracting international students in STEM fields;

b) U. S employers by relying on and deriving the benefit of the skills acquired by STEM students while studying in U. S. as well as their knowledge and skill which they have acquired in their home country.

c) the nation from the increased retention of such students who through research, innovation and other forms of productivity enhance the nation's economic, scientific and technological competitiveness

2 It is an undisputed fact that citizens/residents of countries from all over the wold have made and are making significant contribution to the growth of U.S. They are holding responsible positions in the corporate world, in colleges and universities, in every walk of life in U. S. It has been possible only because U. S. have always welcomed people from all over the world who can contribute to the growth of its economy and at the same time can fulfill their american dream.

3 The Proposed Rule is being objected mainly on the ground that it will replace the american workers by cheap international workers. Employers prefer STEM students because they are available at lower wages. The opponents have not objected on the ground that STEM students are not qualified for the position they are employed. The only grievance is that they are available at lower wages. In other words if this apprehension o is taken care of, then I hope they should not have any objection to the Proposed Rule.

I respectfully submit that the Proposed Rule has taken care of this apprehension in no uncertain terms which is evident from the following provisions

a) The terms and conditions of STEM practical training opportunity during the period of the 24-month OPT extension, INCLUDING duties, hours and COMPENSASION must be commensurate with terms and conditions applicable to the employer's similarly situated U. S. workers in the area of employment.The student must disclose his or her compensation including any adjustment as agreed to with the employer on the Mentoring and Training Plan.

b) The employer will not terminate, lay off, or furlough any full or part time, temporary or permanent U.S. worker as a result of the practical training opportunity.

Mostly International STEM students are Masters or PhD students and the apprehension of the replacing American workers are taken care of H1B cap of 25,000 visas. In my personal opinion ( although this is not very relevant here ) this cap is more hurting U. S economy. On account of this cap a considerable number of Masters and PhD STEM students who have been working with U. S employers and were engaged in advance research,innovation and product development are to leave U. S. who otherwise would have made significant contribution to U.S. economy.

4 STEM Extension Period: I support the proposal to increase the period to 24 months. I agree that the students participating in practical training in STEM field should be encouraged to develop deeper understanding of their field of study and the practical skills necessary to advance their careers. With initial OPT of 12 months together with extended OPT of 24 months would be most beneficial to the students and at the same time less disruptive for employers

5. Application for 24-month OPT extension: 

a) It has been provided that " A student may file for an extension of employment authorisation an application prior to the expiration date of the student's current OPT employment authorisation.

b) I respectfully submit that the words " and no later than 60 days after such expiration date" should be added in the last after " employment authorisation " In such a case when student file his application during this period of 60 days, he shall not be allowed to work after expiration date of his current Initial OPT authorisation of 12 months. He will be allowed to work only from the start date of new OPT 24- months extension authorisation.

c) This is just to bring this provision in line of the Post Completion initial OPT of 12 months where the student can file the application upto 90 days prior to his program end date and no later than 60 days after his program end date.

I most humbly and respectfully submit that the Proposed Rule will be beneficial not only to International Student Community, U. S. Employers, U. S. Economy but to the world at large. We are living in a global world . Talent is scare. It should be used where it can be used most effectively. Let us not close our windows. Let the light come from all the windows.

