I truly support the new rule to extend OPT period for STEM persons for the following reasons:

1. Our country is in great shortage of STEM experts. We need them to keep the industry running. Since we cannot educate enough STEM persons for our own, foreign STEM persons is our only choice.

2. OPT holders are educated in the states for at least a few years. They benefit from our colleges and contribute to them at the same time. If we drive them away a great waste is cost to our educational resources. A worse outcome is that in the future, talented foreign students will be less willing to get educated in the states, causing a dramatic drop in qualities of our colleges.

3. Driving these people away will NOT give more jobs for the rest of country. Job opportunities flow with the talented. Were we to drive them away, they would be welcomed in other countries, making the states a less favorable country for international companies, who will also move overseas as a consequence. Compare the situation where we have 100 jobs now with 10 taken by foreigners, and we have 80 jobs in the future with 2 taken by foreigners. Driving away foreign talents will lead to a DECREASE in the jobs available for local people, especially on the high-end side.

4. If the extension is not approved, then from Feb 2016 the original 17 month extension will be cancelled. Cancelling the extension of STEM OPT is a very dangerous signal, indicating the trend of cutting U.S. from the rest of the world. The current life of Americans is not sustainable without the outside world (Yes, there are other foreign countries in the world that are not Canada or Mexico, and they are very important to us). We live a rich a free life of our own, taking it for granted, without realizing the importance of international communications, including the foreign talents working in our country with STEM OPT. If we say no to STEM OPT today, in the future we may also say no to all foreign students and experts. We may say no to a