We live in an age of constant innovation and technological advancement. To stay ahead, or even just to keep up, America has to uphold its values of acceptance, meritocracy, and diversity. This is not possible if we don't extend the current OPT period for STEM majors.

The group of individuals concerned in this policy are those who:
1) have a passion for science and technology, so much that they are willing to experience the great language and/or cultural, as well as possible financial barriers to study in the United States;
2) have received the advanced technological education from the United States, and are highly capable of contributing to the productivity and innovativeness of America's existing technology industry, proven by the fact that companies agree to sponsor their visas through this currently ineffective system;
3) are not those who would be needing assistance from the US government, but they will be contributing tax dollars as well as productivity to our country;
4) are selfless enough to be away from their families and friends abroad, to work for our companies, and to our benefit.

Looking at the status quo, the problem is clear. There are huge numbers of talented individuals, who have worked hard during their studies here, are willing to work for us. However, the cap on H1-B visas per year is severely limited, and is unlikely to change in the short run. As a result, our country is missing out on hundreds of thousands of talents, who can bring in their knowledge to the advancement of our tech industries. Our companies, as well, suffer huge opportunity cost in sponsoring the visas and getting rejected, leading to inefficiencies in the hiring process. Extending the OPT period will temporary alleviate the problem, by allowing workers to enter in the H1-B lottery in three years while they are allowed to legally work here. This policy will have tremendous benefit, as it give the Congress a longer window to enact change in our immigration policies, which will