I myself is an international student in the United States having pursued a Stem Degree and have graduated December 2014. I work for a public company in the United States. The original Stem Extension rule being voided has recently put my ability to continue employment in danger, which would take away the job I worked years studying for, not to mention make the company face an unexpected vacancy and go through months hiring and training new employees and hurting their productivity.
This rule not only benefits hardworking, legal workers and also benefit US companies and their productivity. Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest strategies and techniques in the field. Expanding opportunities for STEM graduates benefits employers in high-tech industries by helping them to maintain connections with colleges and increase visibility on campus. This aids to promote community involvement and creates awareness of the field for future students and future employees. In addition, expanding practical training opportunities for international students will enhance U.S. companies by providing novel perspectives, fresh ideas, new processes, and specialized skill sets to augment the abilities of staff employees. Finally, STEM students will allow employers the opportunity to accomplish bigger projects, achieve more innovation, and develop new products and technology, all of which will further fuel the U.S. economy.
In order to be a meaningful learning experience, a 24-month extension combined with the initial 12 month OPT period is the appropriate duration to allow me to meet my planned learning goals and allow for active reflection on I am accomplishing throughout the experience. Students with up to 36 months of practical training can be assigned more challenging projects that better complement academic programs and career interests.
DHS should minimize the potential impact on STEM students in the event a final rul