I strongly SUPPORT this new rule of OPT extension.

This proposed rule is a win-win policy for both US and STEM students in the US. Nowadays we can see US high-tech companies are hiring many F-1 students and they truly made great contributions to the US. According to the survey, they are creating huge revenues to the US and benefiting the US job market. Also, all these revenues will be partially converted to tax and eventually benefit every US citizen here. On the other hand, it provides good opportunities to the international students who achieved or will achieve their degrees in the US to apply what they have learned to the US industry.

In the long term, this rule will attract more and more high-tech international students come to US and this will bring great benefits to both education and industry in the US. Also, we know competition accelerates development, diversity is one of the most important factors which makes the United States the best country in the world. Competition will continue pushing the development of high-tech technologies and kepp US the center of technologies around the world in the future. Silicon Valley's success is a great example of this.

Most oppositions argued that STEM students are taking their jobs and causing unemployment of US citizens. This is not true at all. First, this rule is only for high-tech students and there are restrictions on that. STEM students' jobs have to be directly related to their degrees. Secondly, STEM students are working for high-tech companies and these companies mostly require highly educated employees. And US job market doesn't have enough this kind of people to fill these gaps. So even if STEM students leave the US this won't cause any job losing issue but actually cause the lack of talents in the US industry. Finally, let's assume this rule is cancelled, that will only harm US job market and it will not help under-qualified people get a job. 

I took my degree in the US and I am currently working here. I s