I strongly support extending the OPT STEM to 24 months. 

Those who objects to this new regulation mostly stands for two opinions, one is that companies pay lower salary to foreign workers and cause illicit competition, and that it has a big impact on the employment of U.S citizens.

However, these two opinions are invalid in consideration of the OPT STEM extension.
1. First, companies do not pay lower salary to foreign STEM students. Companies like Google, Facebook and other IT industries pay the new graduate students at the same salary level. Even if there're difference in the salary package, it's not because of the nationality but of professional ability or interview performance. Not to mention that there're examples of foreign new grads who can obtain a much higher entry level salary due to their excellent experience or ability

2. Second, extending the OPT STEM does not impact the employment of U.S citizens. It's misleading to put these two concepts together. Because the STEM regulation requires the students to work in the area that they studied and those fields are high tech areas, which in fact has lots of demand in the job market. There's no way for a U.S citizen who also studied in STEM area can not get a job. Also, It's misleading to say that these high tech positions could affect the other job market. Because in the job market that is not high tech, the STEM students can not even apply for those jobs. Those who claimed "OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013", how do they acquired the data? What kind of job positions did they include? Are those job positions even related to the STEM fields? There's no point in arguing using false or irrelative result.

Last, there're a lot of benefits of extending OPT STEM. For one, this program is a very important reason for attracting foreign student to come study in the U.S. It gives them the opportunity to gain more than year's industrial experience to practice what they learned 