I oppose the Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule that would expand the Optional Practical Training program. This expansion would allow U.S. tech companies to hire foreign students for up to 3 years and avoid paying their share of payroll taxes, equivalent to 7.65% of the employee's pay. Not only does this program create an incentive for these companies to hire foreign students over qualified Americans, but it also could violate the foreign student's pledge when they received their F-1 visa to leave the country after completing their degree. With recent college graduates struggling to find work, this is not the time to provide companies with an incentive to hire foreign citizens over U.S. citizens.

The Optional Practical Training program allows U.S. employers to hire foreign students for up to 1 year or up to 29 months in certain fields of study. The program was meant to provide foreign students with on-the-job training that would benefit them when they return to their home countries. Instead, this proposed rule, which will extend the program for STEM students to 36 months, would create a bridge to a longer-term work visa and eventual green card. This is a direct violation of the foreign student's pledge when they received their student visa to leave the country upon graduation. It's hard enough already for American workers, especially recent U.S. graduates, to find work, and this rule would make it even more difficult by adding unnecessary job competition to the mix.

The proposed rule from the Department of Homeland Security to expand the Optional Practical Training program would be a detriment to American tech workers, especially recent college graduates. The program would allow U.S. companies to hire foreign citizens who have been pursuing a degree for at least nine months in the U.S., artificially expanding the pool of available workers for jobs particularly in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields. As a result, this would put dow