I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:
1.Longer OPT will attract more elites students to U.S and make more contributes.Countries such as Canada, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia, Malaysia, Taiwan, and China are actively instituting new strategies to attract international students.For example, Canada also recognizes that educational institutions need international students to compete in the global race for research talent. In April, 2008, Canada modified its Post-Graduation Work Permit Program to allow international students who have graduated from a recognized Canadian post-secondary institution to stay and gain valuable post-graduate work experience for a period equal to the length of the student's study program, up to a maximum of three years, with no restrictions on type of employment.This change resulted in a 64% increase in the number of post-graduation work permits issued to international students in 2008. By 2014, the number of international students in the program more than doubled its 2008 total. [38] In addition, Canada aims to double the number of international students in the country to 450,000 by 2022.
I believe Grand America don't want to lose these brilliant students, right?

2.International students have historically made significant contributions to the United States, both through the payment of tuition and other expenditures in the U.S. economy, as well as by significantly enhancing academic discourse and cultural exchange on campuses throughout the United States. In addition to these general benefits, STEM students further contribute through research, innovation, and the provision of knowledge and skills that help maintain and grow increasingly important sectors of the U.S. economy.

Foreign students, for example, regularly contribute a significant amount of money into the U.S. economy. According to statistics compiled by the Association of International Educators (NAFSA), foreign students made a net contribution of $