Jian Cui The strategy to attract more students from all over the world to US with an extended stem OPT period will grant US a significant advantage in the more and more intense international competition, and an even more profound impact for the future.

For an alien STEM student, the extension of OPT period will definitely makes the US education program more attractive, especially for STEM majors. By providing an opportunity of boots on the ground training in industry, the students will be far more competitive than the new graduates, because in STEM fields practice and experience is as important as knowledge, if not more. Because of the increased international student enrollment, universities, especially public ones can have more funds available to improve the education environment and will lead to better chance in scientific and technological breakthrough.

The living cost of international students also boosts local business, such as lodging, dining, retails and transportation. I've seen so many college towns have boosted since the increased enrollment of international students. Moreover, the increased number of students leads to increased tourism income. The existence of spring break, summer break, fall break and Christmas season gives the students more free time and opportunities to travel to different parts of US than average citizens or even foreign visitors, thus leads to increased tourism income.

The OPT is also an important part in the pipelining of immigrant reformation that has been worked on for years. A foreign student at their younger age has costed US ZERO dollars for the education beforehand and will pay hundreds of thousands of dollars to be educated in US. He/she will graduate at the most productive age with the first tier education in the world, with which they can easily have a great career anywhere. Comparing to a similar US citizen, these students cost way less social resources to be brought to similar competency, and it will be a great deal to make them contribute to the society, such as federal and state income tax. If they return to their home country afterward, they can no longer claim the rights proper to their contribution; and if they end up a permanent residence or citizen, they still cost less than an average US citizen. Also note that many major scientific and technological breakthroughs were contributed heavily by highly educated immigrants of STEM majors, and nobody knows what happens next. Comparing to immigrant from other sources, these students have better chance and time to get familiar with US culture as well as the ideology, and will be less liability to the society than under educated immigrants, or even a citizen who constantly lives on the social stipends.
Many comments addressed social security issues. But if they do not pay the fair share in their later life which covers the vacancy during OPT, they will be treated as any other US citizen who don't have a job for 24 months.

In conclusion, this OPT extension will be a major improvement to the current program and US's immigration system.
