I strongly support this program! This is among the most exciting rules I've ever seen!

STEM OPT program will greatly benefit tech industry and education institutes in this country. We've seen a consistant decline of people's interest in pursuing a career in STEM. Fewer Americans are willing to study STEM majors, and fewer are looking forward to joining the tech industry. That's why we need foreigners to fill in the gap.

Many foreigners come to US to enroll in STEM programs in all colleges in US. They pay tons of tuition and become a crucial part for many colleges to support their STEM departments. Their existance encourage and support all US colleges to provide their best STEM programs for Foreigners and Americans alike. WIthout STEM OPT program, there will be certainly a huge drop of this funding source and hence cause the shrinking and closing of countless STEM departments in this country. We all know that science and technology is powering the strength and growth of this country. I can't imagine how this country will compete with Europe and even China in tech industry if we can't provide the best STEM programs in our universities.

On the other hand, STEM OPT also provides precious power to our tech industry. Don't get me wrong, they aren't competing with Americans in job market, because they are only hired if no sutable citizen found in the market. Now if we drive them back home, nobody can fill the hole now. Our companies will suffer a lot from this! Please always remember that our companies are competing with many other foreign companies in all areas. Let's take an example, do you see the recent drop of Qualcomm stock price? You know why? Because Chinese people are catching up with us! Huawei is slowly but steadily pushing Qualcomm out of the market! Now if we don't have STEM OPT, we are driving those talented foreign students go back and contribute to our competetor rathen than American companies, while letting our own companies slowly die because of starva