Throughout the decades past, America has been assisted by men and women whose origins have been from other parts of the 
world but who have made groundbreaking contributions in science, technology, engineering and mathematics in and for this country. 

We must not forget that a significant amount of nation's strength in growth and development lie in it's human capital. 
One of the ways a nation can hold on to such covetable capital is to provide opportunities for persons of advanced skills in the 
aforementioned areas to train in and utilize their learnings in the American economy. 

Some commenters have opined that granting this extension would be tantamount to taking jobs away from American citizens. 
But this need not be true. If companies providing training opportunities for STEM degree candidates are mandated to do so 
with similar compensation and benefits as when hiring a citizen of this country, the difference, if any, in the cost of hiring an 
international student vs. an American worker will greatly diminish (assuming everything else being equal between the candidates).

The supply of STEM professionals in the government and private labor markets is 1 million short. How do American citizens 
see this gap being filled in the short term? That 40% of American corporations are headed by CEOs of outside origin, are, 
I hope, no accident! As it is, many foreign US-educated professionals from other countries are returning to their homeland 
because of and in spite of the American work visa regulations and restrictions. The American is not (or no longer) the only 
economy placing big bets on innovation. The BRIC countries in particular are catching up fast. An opportunity denied in 
the US is paving the way for many a lucrative opportunity (and comparable standards of living) back home. 

In time, these startups and companies will (some already are) pose stiff competition to American ones and will lead to further
accelerated growth of their already-growing home ec