I strongly support the proposal, as a matter of act, I think there is a urgency and necessity for extending OPT period and relief cap-gap for all eligible F1 students for the following reasons. 

1. It is the students' right to gain working experience after university's education. Internship and practical experience is a significant part of U.S higher education system. International students make huge commitment mentally and financially coming to U.S. to further their education. However, such important part of the education are deprived from students by putting a extremely short time frame on their internship. Take computer graphics industry as an example, the training for a mid-level engineer is normally three years, and training for a senior-level engineer is at least five years. With such a tight time frame for OPT, not only students don't have enough time to gain the experience that they need for their career, but also employers have to make huge commitment to hire and train OPT students which makes it extremely hard for F1 students to land a internship or job.

2. U.S. was standing on the top of the world economy for the past 100 years. It is not achieved by shutting out the immigration with world's top skills and technology. On the contrary, it only reason why U.S was having such successful economy is achieve by embracing the competition and introducing the world's most talented scientists, engineers, businessmen, and artists into the States. In the phase of depression of economy, the only way the U.S can revive is to reopen the gate for inviting the tops geniuses who is leading the industry in the world. At the same time, not like most people believed, inviting industry tops will not affect the local business and labors since they are targeting to the different business fields. 

3. By extending STEM OPT period and relief Cap-Gap for H1-B visa, immigration can be more reliable and accessible for the people with skill and talent, the people who obey the laws a