I see so many negative comments with arguments saying our citizens cannot find jobs, foreign labor is much cheaper, they do not need to pay medical care and social security tax part.

I want to argue each reason one by one.

American cannot find jobs?
There are many reasons our people cannot find jobs. Each individual case is different from another one. The OPT Ext rule only applies to STEM background students; such background jobs are still greatly increasing. Our native companies are in great need of candidates with these backgrounds. Our native students with STEM background are very limited due to hardworking learning process. The new rule will only bring prosperity and economy benefit to this country no matter short or run way.

Foreign labor is much cheaper?
This rule only apply for STEM students, STEM means science, technology, engineering, math, are you thinking hiring students with these background is cheap?
These students are all with at least bachelor; even most of them go to graduate school acquiring higher degrees. Hiring students with such background is much more expensive because they have these special skills, which is exactly our Americans are lack of.

They do not need to pay some tax like Social security and medical care ?
We know for social security tax, after you lose job or retire, you can get compensation. You pay so you earn. Its like your deposit. For OPT students, they wont get such benefit unless they get green card and stay here. So, its very reasonable because at the F-1 status moment, they cannot get such benefit, so, why should they pay? Another key point needs to consider is that the rule only applies to STEM student, whose salary is at a high level, more than average of national wide. So, that means they have to pay more tax, not less than most of us!!! We know, a lot of them are engineers working in California, where tax rate is much higher than other states. They pay such high tax which deliver to our welfare. Why we Americans are s