I am an international student studying in the U.S., and graduating in December. I understand that the domestic students might concern that extending the OPT for STEM majors might make it harder for them to launch a job, or jobs are being taken away by international students. However, given that the majority of STEM majors are composed of international students and given the high demand of graduates with strong technical skills, it is reasonable that a lot of the employees at technology companies are international students. As a country that endorses diversities and promotes equal employment, qualities and skills shall be the main drivers for decision when the companies are hiring. I don't see that keeping the door open for international students will harm the domestic students. If the amount of domestic students major in STEM majors increase, I believe the presence of domestic students in the technology industry and more technical positions will increase. As everyone in the industry might know, having a 1 year working experience cannot add too much value to the resume. For those who are not able to get H-1B after 1 year of hire, they pretty much wasted a year since they will not be considered an experienced hire when they need to go back to their country and look for a new role. If the intend for OPT is for students to gain experiences, 1 year is far from enough especially for technical roles that require in-depth knowledge in a specific area. The U.S. companies also will suffer from the policy. They invest so much money and time to train a new hire and all the investments become worthless if the new hire has to leave the firm after 1 year.

Why are all those international students trying to remain in the U.S.? One of a major reason is that the start salary is much higher than in their own country. Of course, it is for experience, but let's be realistic, salary is a big selling point. If the STEM extension rule fails to pass, college graduates with strong mathematic