Shun Mao I strongly support this proposed rule for improving and expanding training opportunities for F-1 students with STEM degree.

Students from STEM majors have extraordinary expertise and received very high standard education. Also they are eager to work and contribute their effort to the US's economy. I think if they can extend their work period after graduation, it will be a good thing for both themselves and the whole US economy. It can be reflected in the following aspects:

1. STEM students who can work in the US definitely generate a large amount of tax revenue for the US government. These tax can be very beneficial for both the US citizens and the country. It helped US to maintain the economical advantage in the world.

2. A lot of STEM students are working in many fields of research including natural science and technology. There is no need to mention how important advanced technology can be to US. With the effort of those F-1 students, US has maintained its leading position in terms of science and technology. Therefore, if those F-1 students can work longer, they will contribute more to the US's science and technology. 

3. In industry, there is a large amount of demand for highly educated employees like engineers and technical people every year. STEM students just can fill this gap and contribute their effort to the whole industry. Also, those STEM students are all coming from good universities and excel in many aspects. With those students, American industry can long maintain its innovation and creativity, thus can be always in the leading position in the world.

There are many other good sides for extending the training opportunities for those F-1 students, such as enhancing communication between American people and people from other countries, improving the ethnics diversity in US and also bringing creative thoughts in many aspect of the society.

Overall, I believe that if we could improve and expand training opportunities for F-1 students, the US economy should become much stronger.
