Science, engineering and mathematics are the most advanced discipline, which form the foundation for all modern technology. For decades, America leads the world by holding the best people and technology. In another word, the smartest people and prominent technology create the advantage for America over the whole world. OPT extension, one of the best program US government ever created, sends thousands of high-skill student to high-tech industry every year. Most of them are masters or Ph.Ds. These people work in Google, Amazon, Facebook and universities. They are young, creative and eager to contribute - contribute to US economy and society. They are the very reason that America can maintain its advantage over the whole world. But now, America is giving up this advantage. By shutting down this program, America loses not only those people who is under OPT extension, it loses overall attraction of US education. People hardly will come to US for study if they know they don't have a chance to practice - or work. Meanwhile, on the other side of earth, China and India are spending billions of dollars to attract talents all over the world to develop their industry and economy. If US shut down its door to those talents, they can easily flow to other places, which will hurt US eventually. President Obama said in 2010, "In the race for the future, America is in danger of falling behind". He's not kidding at all. To keep the best talents, to maintain the leadership in technology, to lead the modern civilization, America needs the OPT extension more than ever.

Yuheng Li
Science, engineering and mathematics are the most advanced discipline, which form the foundation for all modern technology. For decades, America leads the world by holding the best people and technology. In another word, the smartest people and prominent technology create the advantage for America over the whole world. OPT extension, one of the best program US government ever created, sends thousands of high-skil