I support this new OPT extension rule. I used to be an international student major in computer science in the US and now I am back in China. The rule will be good for the US government, the US citizen, the US companies as well as the economy of the state.

The extension will make the US academic institution more attractive and competitive compared with other institutions in other countries. For most of the International students who study in the US, most of them pay more tuition fees than study in European or Asian countries. The reason for them to pay a higher education fee is the OPT extension with which they can latter work in a US company and have enough time to find a suitable job for their career. The huge tuition fees they paid will make the institutions run smoothly at the background that most states governments cut off the expenditure for higher education institutions. On the contrary, the English institution used to be the best in the world. However, due to the problems of internship and work visa, less international students choose to study there, which further cause the economic problems. Without the OPT extension, the current depressed English institution status will occur in the US. 

The rule will on the other hand reduce the number of undesired immigration. Now more and more Chinese students choose to go back to China for the huge job market there. Before going back, most of them want to have a work experience. The OPT extension give them the chance to gain working experience in enough time. After the extension time, they would choose to go back or stay. Only those best suitable for the US would choose to stay because those who cannot do good to the society and the state also couldnt find a good job to support their stay in the US. Hence, the extension became a selection period, like Darwin's law of natural selection, for the state to select the best desirable people to keep staying. In a word, the extension will give most international students enou