Dear DHS, 

Thank you for letting us post our feedback about the OPT/STEM proposed rule. I hope my feedback will be taken into consideration.

Today, I would like to shed some light on students and their employers misusing OPT/OPT STEM Extension in the present IT world.

I'm currently on H1-B visa and also hold a Master's degree in Computer Science from a State School. During my Master's program, I worked for an American Company on an Internship (CPT) and right after my graduation I had about 3 offers from American Tech IT Giants. I'm one among those lucky ones to be a part of a reputed company. 

Here is the most important part about my feedback - While I was working as an Intern (on CPT Work authorization), I had other students working along side me on the same project from various companies. The sad part however is these guys were all on OPT and projected themselves as Senior candidates with 7-8 years of IT Experience. At the least they weren't able to speak proper English during Weekly/daily stand up meetings. 
At that time in 2011 as an Intern, I was making around $26 an hour for the same job with better skills and these guys were making roughly around $60/hr. I don't have have a problem with these guys making good money BUT I feel there are other well deserved candidates missing out on good opportunities due to lack of process background verification process by Government Agencies while issuing OPT/STEM Extension permits.
The worst part of all is that some of these students had graduated from non-IT fields such as Environmental Engineering, Mechanical and Bio-Chemistry and yet they have been successful at getting into IT with 7-8 years of experience and with ease. This is just the starting point for them, from here they work with so called " Indian Consulting firms" aka body shops to get their H1-B and Green Card process filed and try to stay ahead in the PERM process than the actual talent who's still struggling to make progress in their career with the right