I strongly agree with the program;
A nation becomes a great nation because it is tolerant to diversity. People all around the world thinks the U.S. is the greatest country because this country has all sorts of people, all kinds of mind. That's why this country is attractive for talents, entrepreneur, scientists. They won't feel lonely in this country because what we could hear is welcome but not farewell.
Once OPT program was shut down, a large number of nonimmigrant residents would have to leave with no expectations. On the one hand, it would do a great damage to the country's Economy. And where can you find so many "citizens" to fill the gaps? On the other hand, there would be no American Dream any more around this earth. Talented people would fear coming here because they were dislike by the citizens and government. Without so many young and active labor face, will America have the greatest market of world? Will America have the most advanced technology of the world? And will America keep winning respect in the world?

Some people argued that nonimmigrant student make citizens lose their job or hard to find a job. I totally disagree with that. I thinks the reason of this society and market could developing and making great progress, because American has many policies to attract talented people. Yes, these people make it more competitive but it doesn't means less jobs. Conversely, there would be more jobs because of these people. They work hard and make contribution to this country and even his world. They are creating jobs opportunities directly and indirectly, and making American's life better.

They are many American citizens and nonimmigrant students or hired people around me. With different background of culture, we could learn more about the world, learn to respect and learn to get along with each other. I love my friends and my life.

I strongly support OPT and OPT extension. The country need those young people, and they need the country. Why should we say 