This comment addresses some of the other comments made regarding the "statistics" quoted that show money being "removed" from Social Security and Medicare trust funds, as well as denying American workers jobs. The numbers are from the Center for Immigration Studies, a misleading name for an organization with ties to Federation for American Immigration Reform (FAIR), a tax-exempt (note) non profit that advocates for reduction of immigration, both legal and illegal. Their main goals, no matter what the actual facts and figures are is to reduce and/or stop immigration. They fail to mention for example, that tax is not exempt on F1-visa holders if they reside in the United States for more than five years. There are some OPT job holders, for example who completed several degrees, who have resided for at least five years that pay Medicare AND Social Security taxes. However, these same people are not eligible for Medicaid or Unemployment Insurance. These individuals are paying taxes for the American general public, but they themselves have no access to these benefits as OPT job holders. There are no credible sources of information regarding "OPT tax breaks", any of the costs to social security/Medicare or job losses to American workers other than what is stated by personal opinion through the Center for Immigration Studies own web site. Their calculations fail to take into account, the percentage of workers who DO pay taxes. In addition, OPT visa holders are not able to hold jobs in government jobs (state, Veteran's system, military, etc) and many consulting and private companies do not accept visa workers, period. If statistics show that universities disproportionately hire OPT workers - the reason is because OPT visa holders have a much narrower field of available positions to apply to. Often, when hiring managers or HR learn that a potential candidate will be an OPT visa worker, they will refuse the application because companies do not want to hire, train and provide be