Ryan Zhang I strongly support this new OPT extension rule. 

I'm an international electrical engineering master student from China and did a software engineer intern at Baanyan Inc.. Before I came to US, I had multiple options to purse my master degree in US, Canada, Hong Kong and British. The most important reason I choose to study here is US could provide me the industry training opportunity during school or after graduation. So OPT extension is very important to attract foreign STEM talents. Without this OPT extension rule, I can't believe US could still attract so many foreign STEM talents every year to contribute their knowledge to this country and I probably would choose to study in other countries with better policy to foreign STEM talents. BTW, if this rule is terminated by some reasons, it's definitely a huge disaster to most US high-tech companies, like Google, Apple, Intel, Facebook, etc. Because they are supported by foreign STEM talents. 

Secondly, I think that 12 months regular + 24 months extension time is also a good length for OPT program. Based on my previous work experience at Baanyan, most large software projects would last at least 2 years or more. If the OPT extension time is too short and the students' OPT expires during the project , the IT company would have to pause the project and this will do harm to the company.

Last but not the least, I'm as a Chinese STEM student and was born and living there, I would return back China eventually. Before then, I'd like to apply my knowledge learned from US university to US high-tech industry development. I would be competitive in the job market of China if I have about 3 years work experience in US. Meanwhile, the US high-tech companies like IT industries especially, are still having great demands to employ new graduates to work for them. In order to be more competitive in the global market, IT industries need the global views and opinions from international students.That's why this new OPT rule would benefit both US high-tech industry and international STEM talents.
