Umar Butt Nov 12th, 2015 
Ms. Katherine Westerlund
Policy Chief (Acting)
Student and Exchange Visitor Program
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement

I am submitting the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015. 

I arrived in the United States as a student, and I pursued Masters in Computer Engineering at Jackson State University, MS. I graduated in April 2014, after which I applied for STEM OPT, followed by STEM OPT extension. 
The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers Vs U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. 

Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016(to which they are willing and able), I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes. However, the situation was further exacerbated by the vacating of STEM OPT ruling.

The proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule is a glimmer of hope for me and thousands more high skilled tech workers like me, pursuing their careers in this great land. 

The proposal to reinstate and expand the duration of the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain hands on experience on a chosen industry. This experiential learning will allow me to integrate knowledge and theory learned at the school with practical application and skills development in a professional setting. STEM graduates like me should be given more opportunity to gain valuable applied experience and make connections in professional fields they are considering for career paths. The additional OPT time will provide me with more broad exposure to industries and organizations to aid in personally developing and exploring career possibilities as well as creating a professional network. These benefits also will encourage future international students to join STEM programs in the U.S. and allow U.S. companies to remain competitive globally.

The STEM OPT extension also plays in favor of US organizations as they are able to apply latest strategies and techniques. Expanding opportunities for STEM graduates benefits employers in high-tech industries by helping them to maintain connections with colleges, where international students constitute a considerable portion of Science and Engineering colleges. This will aid US corporations to attain fresh ideas, specialized skillset and tapping potential.
Bearing in mind the above, I recommend the following:
The Duration of the STEM Extension should be expanded 24 Months, as proposed. A 24-month extension followed by the initial 12 month OPT period is the appropriate duration to allow me to meet my planned learning goals and allow for active reflection on accomplishments during the studies and work. Thus, students will be able to handle more complex projects and able to meet the expectations at work.

Cap-Gap Relief is an Important Part of the 2008 Rule and Should be Retained. Given that the H-1B visa program is a common mechanism for F-1 students to transition to the U.S. work environment, cap-gap relief is essential to avoid gaps in work authorization between the April filing window and the October start date of the H-1B visa.

I am aware that opponents of OPT have given the impression that native-born workers are vying for the same jobs as OPT workers, but this theory overlooks the fact that US has created a powerful and dynamic economy, and native as well as immigrant high tech workers have contributed towards it. Skilled immigrants contributions to the U.S. economy help create new jobs and new opportunities for economic expansion.

With this letter, I urge you to support the U.S. economy by implementing this new rule by February 12, 2016. Thank you for your consideration, time, and support in this matter.

Sincerely,

Umar. 

