I strongly support the extension of OPT for STEM F-1 students, and I'm one of them.
Let's be realistic with this, US tech companies have hired thousands of foreign STEM students to keep them growing. We can even draw a conclusion that because of many bright foreign workers, US tech companies are still in a leading place in the world. It's a big loss for those tech companies if many of those trained sophisticated tech workers are forced to get back home just because they can't get h1b visas. So extension of the STEM OPT which grant one more chance for STEM students to take the h1b lottery meet the best interest of the US tech industries. Remember, tech industries do not only provide job opportunities to foreign workers, tech companies provide many service jobs to local work force market too, and only if those tech companies keep competetive and profitable, will all the supporting jobs surrounding them be profitable. 
History has told us that avoid competition has always been a terrible idea in all aspects. What happened to all those car companies in Detroit? Blocking out all those bright people and give those jobs to us citizens does not protect their jobs in the end. Since all those sophisticated workers will go back home and work for the local companies and make them competitive, then the jobs grabbed from foreign workers would be cut out and lost forever. Keep open to competitions in all aspects is the only way for any country to survive in nowadays, especially for United States since the gap between US and competitors has narrowed pretty much recent years. It's the equal chance in hiring process that need to be concerned, as for that aspect, we can still see advantages for us citizens over foreign workers.
What's more, shutting up the gate to foreigners is a betrayal to the essential spirit which defined United States. It's the foreign scholars who came to US made it a great place for science and won the WW2. All Americans are initially foreigners at the beginnin