I am a former foreign service officer who served in the consular section at a U.S. embassy the Middle East. I had indirect access to the consular sections at U.S. embassies in Europe and Africa.

From interviewing visa applicants first-hand, and interacting with people in the countries where I lived, I can tell you that a large majority of visa applicants do not plan to return to their home countries, even when they swear they will.

I am opposed to the Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule to expand the Optional Practical Training (OPT) program. Last year, the Center for Immigration Studies (CIS) submitted a Freedom of Information Act request to learn more about the OPT program and its impact on American workers. CIS found that:
497,274 work authorizations were granted through OPT between 2009 and 2015
Both the workers and their employers are exempt from payroll taxes, costing the Social Security and Medicare Trust Funds $4 billion

Also, employers are not required to pay OPT workers the prevailing wage, meaning they can hire OPT workers for lower wages than American workers who would perform the same tasks.

The OPT program was designed to allow foreign students to gain work experience in their field of study that would help them find work when they return to their home countries. However, the proposed extension for tech workers would, in effect, create a bridge to an H-1B tech-worker visa and eventual employment-based green cards.

Simply put, the OPT program is an easy way for companies to recruit cheaper foreign workers at the expense of American workers and STEM students. Companies that say they cannot find needed skills in the U.S. are not being truthful -- there are plenty of skilled U.S. workers. The companies are being greedy (looking at you, Disney, although you're not alone).

Like many Americans, I own mutual funds that hold stock in major U.S. companies. Of course I want my funds and American companies to do well financially. But it is not ri