I strongly SUPPORT the OPT extension for the following reasons:

1. OPT extension will significantly benefit the U.S. academic sector and make American Universities remain competitive among thousands of outstanding universities around the world. As far as I know, a lot of developed countries such as England, Canada, Japan, Germany, and Australia all have very similar programs for college students. If the extension was not approved in America, all the most talented and intelligent top students in STEM field would be driven to other developed countries and famous universities to do their researches and studies, and win them Nobel prizes. This would definitely cause a decline in both economics and technology development. 

2. OPT Extension will NOT help international students to steal jobs from Americans. On the contrary, it will encourage international students to significantly contribute to local economics, create more jobs by spending more money on tuition, rents, living expenses, transportation, and going shopping, as well as going back to their home country without coming back since they will become experienced and competitive workers and be able to find jobs at their home country.

In the Presidential Tower near IIT (a university in Chicago), many of the residences are foreign workers or international students who are on OPT. It would be a huge loss for the landlord and they will definitely plan an amount of layoffs if the number of international students and foreign works significantly decreases because of the cancellation of OPT extension.
If the extension was not approved, there would be more Americans losing their jobs because the consumption would significantly go down with the leaving of a huge amount of talented international students. 

3. OPT extension will also benefit millions of tech companies and especially start-ups in U.S. It will give their employees enough time to finish their projects and pass them to their coworkers properly. By creating more b