I support the new STEM OPT extension as it is a win-win policy for both F-1 STEM students and America in general. 

The extension allows ample time for F-1 students to get work visa, reducing the chances for bright young people to be refuted work based on administrative barriers. 

American companies, in the mean time, can train new recruits with a peace of mind. The higher retaining rate for talented recruits means higher efficiency and less resources go to waste. 

While on the surface it appears that these F-1 students are competing for jobs with the citizens, it is not the actual case. The STEM extension specifically aims at retaining highly skilled students in specific fields, not all Americans are qualified for the jobs these students are competing for. The fact that companies have to sponsor for work visa and may suffer a loss if the visa was not obtained means there is higher risk at accepting F-1 students. The immigration policy gives companies a lot of incentives to hire Americans. The reality of job market simply means there are not enough Americans to fill the slots. 

The longer OPT period also gives companies ample time to assess the aptitude of foreign students. The alleviated pressure to sponsor a work Visa ASAP allows the companies to retain only the best recruits for the job. It works to the advantages of the companies-- and those who work for the companies-- by increasing their competitiveness in this highly volatile era. Despite the extended OPT, not all students will eventually stay. 

Another point to consider is the resources spent on F-1 PhD students in STEM fields. They obtained their advanced training/study in the US with funding often provided through government resources. They are an indispensable force in advancing knowledge and developing technologies, and without the extension many of them will be forced to leave, along with all the physical resources spent to support them and the knowledge attained through their study here, it's a los