Dear Enforcement Bureau,

I do think it's necessary to expand the training opportunities for the F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees for the following reasons.

First of all, there are many different subjects in USA for many STEM students, I don't have the graph of statistic to support my view but it does think reasonable that the one year expand for many excellent people in STEM program is not enough.

That extends to my second view, I can't judge or comment on most students, but it's necessary for the excellent students in STEM to have enough time for their careers. That's not grabbing others' jobs, but to create more opportunities to the people who is really excellent and promising. That's also the important issue of USA, 

The promising people in STEM program may not get enough time or chances to stay in USA any more if there is no OPT for the STEM even if they really want to. And the America may lose a best chance to attract the elites from the world, which is always a best aspect of spirits of America.

I'm really afraid that America will lose its ability to attract the most talented people and most promising students all over the world if there is no this OPT expand, especially in STEM program, and for those who have the abilities to make some difference, they also never get the chance to devote themselves in these fields after graduation like years before because they need to consider back to their own country once they graduated from the school for the reason that there is no enough time for them to consider anything else. And for the big companies or small companies in STEM field, they also have no enough time to arrange for the people who is really talented but not an American. That's unfair.

In the conclusion, it'a triple-lose result if there is not the expand time of 2-years for the STEM programs. And it's negative effects will appear more obviously when the day it's created.

So please make this action of expanding come true for not only the f