There is a tremendous amount of unemployment in the US and Citizens cannot find work. Do not modify this program, except to eliminate this program.

OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.
We have entirely too many immigrants coming into our country, including ISIS members or candidates, and cannot support the expense. In California we do not have sufficient water for residents and none for increased immigrant and illegal immigrant population.

"The next Sergei Brin might be sitting in an American classroom right now, but if that future innovator cannot get an entry-level job in high tech because employers prefer importing temporary workers, entrepreneurial innovations will not occur in the United States."

DHS, by defining a recent college grad as a student, takes both the worker and the employer out from under payroll taxes -- thus penalizing the Social Security and Medicare trust funds directly, and our elders indirectly.

Like other employment-visa programs, OPT works to lower the wages and living standards of a growing portion of the middle class. OUR GOVERNMENT IS SUPPOSED TO WORK FOR CITIZENS, NOT AGAINST US CITIZENS.

DHS is neglecting its duty under federal guidance to discuss crucial economic considerations, such as how many OPT workers will be hired instead of American workers; how many STEM grads have given up finding work in the STEM field; how the new rule will affect tech-worker wages and American STEM-grad employment.

DHS' proposed rule "is pushing the ones raised and trained at home out of the job market that we created these education initiatives for and handing those jobs to students who have no ties to the U.S. other than their education."

Not only does the DHS's plan ensure that foreign-born graduates will be taking jobs that American college students desperately need, it also categorizes the foreign-born employees in such a way