I support the proposal after careful reading of the document. I think this is a well balanced document. STEM OPT extension helps U. S economy, the U.S higher education and the technology sector. The oversight measures as proposed ensure protection for American workers in similar situations as well as international trainees.
This proposal helps U.S economy in several aspects.
1. It helps to attract international students to study in the U.S thereby bringing in billions of dollars. According to NAFSA stats, in 2013-2014 alone, foreign students contributed $26.8 billion. International students pay almost double the tuition that non resident U.S students pay. I know that because my child is currently studying in the U.S. International students come to the U.S not only for the educational and cultural experiences in general, they come to learn how to apply what is taught to solve real world problems. OPT provides an excellent opportunity for that purpose. Considering the complexities of STEM subjects, 36 months of OPT sounds reasonable. Other industrialized countries such as U.K, Australia, Canada and even emerging countries like China, are providing such opportunity in order to attract talented students.
Secondly, sufficient amount of OPT will help students improve their practical skills and also improve their competitiveness in their home countrys job market. It will also give them an insight into American culture at the work place thereby enabling them to act as a bridge between their home country and their U.S employers. This will help U.S companies expand into their home country markets in the long run as most international students will return to their home country.
Thirdly, a small number of international students will be hired by U.S companies which is also beneficial for the American economy. They will contribute to the STEM work force diversity and more importantly talented people who are critical for the technology based U.S economy.
This proposal also protect