As an international student in the United States, I pursued my Master's in Computer Science and graduated in 2015. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016, We students who are currently in OPT will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes. 

I was glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

The OPT STEM Extension should be retained for the benefit of STEM Graduates. This gives us hands on experience from what we learn. We, as an International students spend a lot of money for education in United States. Moreover, there are so many STEM OPT students who are currently working in many tech companies. If the STEM is not extended, there would be a situation where all these student have to leave the united states. And the projects ? This situation will be tough.

Many STEM students from different places across the world chose U.S. universities for higher education because of the availability of 29 months of practical training under the current rule. It would be a huge disappointment if students would instead only be able to remain for 12 months and there would be a drastic change in the number of students coming to the United States for their Education in the future.It is going to be a lot less. Therefore, the following options should be considered to best address STEM students already in OPT.

1.Any application for OPT STEM extension received by USCIS but not yet adjudicated prior to vacatur should be kept on hold until the new rule is in place
2. Second, any student already approved for a 17-month extension should be allowed to continue employment based on the approved OPT STEM extension. 
3