OPT is grossly unfair to American workers. It denied them more than 0.4 million jobs from 2009-2013, at the same time removing $4 billion from FICA and Medicare trust funds. The original idea of OPT, to give foreign students additional sklls to assist in their home countries upon their return, has become a bridge for them to remain in the U.S., while allowing employers to avoid the H-1B cap. The rule to expand OPT, proposed by DHS, is opposite OPT's original purpose. 

A 2013 study by the Economic Policy Institute found that there are ample U.S. workers qualified to fill STEM jobs in IT sectors. The U.S. has been pushing increases in STEM education to create a workforce more suited to jobs available in today's economy. DHS' proposed rule robs those trained at home of the available jobs and instead gives them to foreigners who have no ties to the U.S. other than their education.

The proposed rule doesn't seek out necessarily bright students since it is open to every foreign person in the world regardless of their abilities.

The rule requires employers and universities to establish mentoring programs for foreign graduates working under OPT, but no such requirement applies to American graduates. In many aspects, the foreigners have less than or equal talent compared to their American peers, and are causing an internal brain drain in the U.S.

If the foreign students are a solution to a STEM labor shortage, why do they need training or mentoring? And if workers with such training are actually needed, then these special training/mentoring programs should be open to Americans as well. 

The rule describes the hiring of skilled STEM OPT students, but if these students are already highly skilled why do the regulations state there is a need to educate the uneducated foreign student and to provide experience to the unexperienced foreign student?

These foreign students are attractive to employers since they generally are younger (lower cost) than U.S. STEM workers, especial