Yeah, I strongly support this extension. OPT Extension to 24 months is necessary and benefit to US economy as well as the world's economy.There are three main reasons for why it is necessary and benefit.

First, international students plays an important part in the Computer Science industry market in US. I am an international student major in computer science in Stevens Institute of Technology. What I have seen is most of our students in computer science department are Indian and Chinese. And my friends who are in Columbia University, King's Collage, UCLA, Northeast University and Seattle University see the same situation as I do. Those huge part of International students accepted US education, learn English and find jobs in US, they build 3D printers for constructions, create robots or machines for modern lives, build start ups to serve people, producing cars, creating models of finance or bankings. Once they are illegal to stay in US, who could help continuing these valuable creations or innovations. And what should be doing to fulfill those gaps? Isn't it a lose of US economy?

Second, there are still a big shortage of computer science engineers for the technology industry. As I see in meet ups. Big companies like Microsoft, Google, Facebook, IBM, Apple and so on, still need large quantity of engineers. even if Google has sixty thousand of employees, and Facebook has twenty thousands. Assuming that 10% of google employees have to go to their own countries annually, how many product lines should be killed? how to maintain their qualities and stabilities. The lost of engineers equals to lost of moneys in today's world. Further more, I could say it is US education who are better than any other countries attracting so many excellent students all over the world, isn't it a lost of talent for reduce the OPT extension? 

Finally, it is the poverty not wealthy people who want to immigrant to US. Most of international students can afford the tuition fees of US education. 