Wing Wong I strong support the new policy on STEM extension, as it would not only benefit international students like me who have a degree in STEM, but would also contribute to the development of US economy and innovation, as well as local American people.

First of all, the new rule, particularly extending OPT from 17 months to 24 months for international students in STEM programs, would for sure create more opportunities for them to get practical training after graduation. The extended period of time could give graduated students more time to find an ideal job, who have just been in the US for a short period of time and dont have resources and other advantages that local American do have in job markets. The extension could also provide a cushion, i.e. two or three more chances to apply, to those who have failed to get a H1 visa but want to continue to contribute to the US economy and innovation. Deterring from the extension could be shocking to the roughly 20,000 existing STEM students and 3,000 employers involved. As my employer and I are one of them, I can imagine if the extension is deterred, it could take a long time for a small business like my employer to find an appropriate candidate to succeed the job, which requires a graduate degree in STEM and has been vacant for a few years until last November.

In addition, as it has been mentioned above, graduated STEM students have contributed a lot to the US economy and innovation, such as the IT and financial industries, which are eager to recruit talents in STEM. The OPT and its STEM extension program could attract more and more smart people around the globe to come to the US. The diversity helps collaboration among talents and propel the innovation of the US economy that it desperately needs in the current environment with slower growth and global deflation risk. The US can benefit from friendly policy like STEM extension, as these upcoming STEM students could be either one of the next rocky scientists like Albert Einstein who will make evolutionary changes to existing theories and applications, or one of the next entrepreneurs like Sergey Brin who will create revolutionary products and businesses like Google. 

No matter how it benefits STEM students, or the US economy, in the end, American people are the ones who gain the most. They will enjoy the prosperity of the US economy and innovation. They will feel proud of what their country have accomplished to lead the world technology, business and cultural development. They will be incented to chase their own American dreams. Indeed, those international students in STEM programs bring more competition. However, isnt it true that competition and free markets are the values of which the US is proud of and which have been making it the most developed and powerful country in the world? The claim that the existence of international graduates from STEM creates unfair competition in job markets because they tend to accept lower wages lacks supporting evidence. According to a report from Institute for Immigration Research issued in May 2015 (see attachment), it shows that in 2012, female STEM workers earn on average $5,003 less than foreign-born female STEM workers; male STEM workers earn on average $7,926 less than foreign-born male STEM workers. The reason that some of the American lose their jobs or cannot compete against these foreign-born STEM workers isnt because of the existence of these workers and the so-called unfair competition. It may be due to their own incompetence, even though they do have advantages such as native English speakers, cultural fitness, and networking resource. To think of it in another way, it could be an opportunity to push more American to realize their shortcomings, improve their STEM skills and become as competent as or stronger candidates in job markets. If it happens, it is American who will gain from this change.

To sum up, the new rule on OPT STEM extension will only do more good than harm to the US. As it impacts thousands of workers and employers in the US, the government should approve and implement the new policy as soon as possible.
