Rakshit Pithadia I strongly support the extension. Here are my reasons for the support:

Unites Stated is currently facing STEM workforce shortage. This is just a fact. Companies like Facebook, Google hire international students not because they are cheaper labor force, but because US workers do not prefer to
obtain a Graduate degree (MS/Ph.D.) in these areas.
Unemployment among the STEM graduates (undergraduate level) is lower in the US, however, most US-students take up jobs in marketing, sales etc. This represents inclination of American workers towards non-engineering/ non-science jobs. Meanwhile, most F-1 students come for Science and Engineering degrees. Note that these are advanced degrees MS, Ph.D. International students have shown more inclination towards pursuing these degrees in Science and Engineering. This shows that they are more interested in getting jobs in the STEM Areas.
Therefore, it is not the cheap labor that allows international students to get STEM jobs, but genuine interest and eligibility (due to advanced degrees). Link: Refer: http://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2014/cb14-130.html
If at all American-STEM-job problem exists, it will not be solved by blocking the international students from getting those jobs. It will simply hurt the companies that rely on eligible candidates. Eventually, they may end up outsourcing those jobs across the world.
Students are coming on F-1 visa eventually become Green Card holders or citizens. This greatly benefits America.. This fits the picture of an American dream, which is the sole reason for the American economy.
Does the US really want students who come to the US and get advanced degrees in the US to go back and contribute to their home-country economy and compete with U.S.?
Most students come here for education mostly because of job opportunities. If the extension is removed, the chances of getting a job diminish significantly. This will simply lead to students not coming to the US for study.
Various
