Dear sir and madam,

I support the OPT extension for F-1 non-immigrant students. 

I have earned my B.S. degree in China and am planning to study oversea next year. My parents want me to choose Canada and Australia as the target due to their easier immigrant requirement, but I prefer to study in the U.S because America has the most advanced technology, the opening culture and more importantly, provides the OPT policies to allow me to increase my working experience and put knowledge learned from classroom into practice. If stopping the OPT for international students, the U.S. would lose its attraction to prospective talents from other countries. Those talents not coming to America would choose other destinations, like Canada, to pursuit their careers, which increases Canadian competitiveness in scientific technology and enhances their talent pools, and on the contrary, decreases American talents advantages in scientific field. 

Also, 12-moth OPT is not enough for most projects in STEM related industries like IT, math, and trading. 24 moth would be perfect to finish a research project. My current project-developing algorithms and application on video surveillance- founded by National Science Foundation of China in a research institute is an ideal example. We start this project last October, and have been allowed to have 2 year to finish it. I found research is a process of accumulating knowledge and experience. It takes time to build theory, do experiments, analyse results and then refine the old theory, do new experiments, and analyse fresh results. Mostly we need to repeat above process a lot of times until getting the satisfied outcomes. 

The last but not the least, some people protest that those F-1 non-immigrant students with STEM degrees have occupied a great many of job positions that would be theirs with a low payment. However, it is not the case at all. Because Mentoring and Training Plan has prevented employers from terminating, laying off, or furloughing 