I think many Americans blamed the wrong things. International students are not the reason for current employment situation. Our decaying education quality is. So the OPT program and international students are not the enemies of job opportunities and higher wages, our decaying education system is. 
Why America is the best country in this world? We have more talents than any other country. United States has become and is being a huge magnet in the past 100 years. But this trend will end soon if we decide to kick out these talents. You might argue that these international students grabbed job opportunities from our young people. My suggestion is to ask any high technology companies and universities, who offer these jobs to the STEM students. They would tell you that it would be much easier to get a job if you are a green card holder or citizen. Citizens also have more chances to get scholarships and projects. The path for international students to a job is actually very narrow: they have to perform much better than their American classmates for a job offer. Then they need to qualify H1-B visa: you will be paid APPRICIATE WAGE. Attention here, if a company decides to hire an international student, they need to pay MORE. So it is clear that which is cheaper for the companies. You can find some explanations of H1-B visa requirements here:
http://www.uscis.gov/eir/visa-guide/h-1b-specialty-occupation/understanding-h-1b-requirements
Many H1-B holders will apply for EB-1 or EB-2 green card program. EB-1 program is for the elites in the field. You can find the requirements here:
http://www.uscis.gov/working-united-states/permanent-workers/employment-based-immigration-first-preference-eb-1
There is no doubt that we need to attract these people, right? If you do not agree with this, we should have shut Einstein and Fermi out of our land. EB-2 program is for the people who can provide unique contributions in their fields. You can find the requirements here:
http://www.uscis.gov/