It is unfair, wrong and against the spirit of American to deprive students right of OPT only because of their non-citizenship status. Also, the minimum wage rule has nothing to do with international students OPT at all! Whats more, international students play vital role in boosting US high tech, make huge contribute to US economy and welfare system!

First, the minimum wage rule has nothing to do with international student OPT. As is required by the US laws, international student need to meet a minimum salary standard which is much higher than minimum wage level required by law in order to get the H1b job visa. International students have to pay much higher tuition than the US students to get the same degree. For international students, it would require at least around $ 100,000 to complete the bachelors degree and around $70,000 to get a masters degree. Its ridiculous to infer that we well educated international students who spend such a huge amount of money in education in the US would ever do jobs that pay only minimum wages. 

Second, depriving international students OPT extension right is against Americans core value of freedom. International students worked so hard to survive in the US. The STEM major students jobs, math, statistics for example, are those that most american students cannot do. Whats more, american company only hire international students when US citizens are not qualified. It means that international students need to be so outstanding as to get hired! If rejected, those high tech or STEM related job openings are almost surely can not be filled by the US citizens because they are not qualified! 

We all know the importance of free competition in the Economy system and how harsh governments are to those companies who break free competition rule. If jobs decision was not based on the ability and qualification of candidates but only their citizenship, we would not see those giant internet companies nowadays such as Facebook, Apple, Amazon and etc 