Chad Crawford Quoting Numbers USA newsletter: "A Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for Immigration Studies revealed two shocking takeaways about the OPT program that DHS proposes to expand:
OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.

General Facts About The Optional Practical Training Program (OPT):
The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap.
There are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the U.S. in addition to 98,000 in 12-month OPT programs and 30,000 in 29-month OPT programs. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines the job opportunities for American STEM workers.
OPTs are sought after by employers because they tend to be younger (cheaper) than their American competitors. Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range, but they cost Social Security about $1 billion dollars a year.

Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa (in a letter to President Obama):
"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 years - the same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be valid - there is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent."
the proposed regulations are "irresponsible and dangerous considering the Government Accountability Office (GAO) report issued in March 2014 finding that the program was full of inefficiencies, susceptible to fraud, and that the Department was not adequately overseeing it."
"The report also found a major national security problem in that the Department does not know where tens of thousands of foreign students are living and working in the country. The GAO said that 'ICE cannot fully ensure foreign students working under optional practical training are maintaining their legal status in the United States.'"

John Miano, attorney representing tech workers:
the proposed rule effectively "requires employers and universities to engage in unlawful immigration status discrimination."

Richard Trumpka, President of the AFL-CIO:
"expanding de facto guest worker programs like Optional Practical Training (OPT) - through which employers hire more than 120,000 young college graduates per year who hold F-1 visas - but do not even guarantee that those foreign graduates are paid the minimum wage, let alone the prevailing wage, chase Americans out of computer science and creates a self-fulfilling 'shortage' as Americans respond to a relatively better market as engineers in other fields."

David North, formerly of the U.S. Labor Department:
"U.S. employers are given a substantial bonus for hiring an alien college grad rather than an American college grad with the same skills and the same salary...it can be above $10,000."
"DHS, by defining a recent college grad as a student, takes both the worker and the employer out from under payroll taxes -- thus penalizing the Social Security and Medicare trust funds directly, and our elders indirectly."

Ron Hira of Howard University: 
"It is pure fiction that someone with a master's degree in electrical engineering needs an additional three years to work as an intern to be a productive professional. Instead, the duration seems to come out of thin air, based purely on what the political types in the Obama White House believe that they can get through without facing significant opposition."

Daniel Costa, of the Economic Policy Institute:
the worker protections included in the new rule "are so vague and deferential to employers that they will be virtually unenforceable in practice in any meaningful way."

Ian Smith of the Immigration Reform Law Institute:
DHS "is neglecting its duty under federal guidance to discuss crucial economic considerations, such as how many OPT workers will be hired instead of American workers; how many STEM grads have given up finding work in the STEM field; how the new rule will affect tech-worker wages and American STEM-grad employment."
"Not only will this artificially expand the domestic labor pool by hundreds of thousands, but 100 percent of the new recruits will be young and therefore cheap, and almost guaranteed to neither unionize nor get poached from competitors (because their 'student' visas will be tied to their employers)."

This proposed change is a disaster for American workers and for national security. 

