I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons.

Most of the F1 students who studied overseas learned the advanced level knowledge from US top universities. Those people are so valuable assets to the country that they can contribute a lot and transfer all their technical skills as well as multi-culture background from school life to their work. In a long term, the whole country and the people who live in the country will benefit from F1 students' contribution. For instance, Sundar Pichai, CEO of google and Satya Nadella, CEO of Microsoft were former F1 student. They received a good education in the U.S and eventually help a US company to succeed in the World. 

F1 students will add more diversities to the companies and potentially help the US company expand the business to the world. For example, I, myself, was a former F1 Student nowadays transferred to a H1B working visa. My current job is working as a technical consultant and help our client learn how to use our engineering software to solve their technical problem. When I worked within the group and with client, I can always provide a different perspective and help people make more thorough decision. My bilingual(Chinese and English) skills help me deliver the training classes more easily in China and some Asian country. I can see my company would like me to help them expand their business in Asia because I know the culture, have good education background and understand their local language. I am just an simple example representing thousands of international student's value.

Some opponents may say those F1 students will steal the jobs of US citizens. Nevertheless, I can see a different perspective. In fact, most of the time those F1 students just help the US government fill the shortage of the employment in STEM subjects. U.S economy's booming replies on innovation. But in those high-tech areas, the companies cannot find the right candidate who are US citizens. That's why they want to employ F1 stude