I actively support this new OPT extension rule. I'm an international graduate student from China and will be working in the U.S. soon. It is obvious that the new OPT extension is a win-win rule for the U.S. as well as foreign students.

STEM OPT extension helps to keep U.S. academic sector remain competitive globally. As a master student, I have had offers from U.S., UK and Germany when applying for graduate school. I came to U.S. because I believe it will better prepare me for a professional career in the OPT and the extension period. Though tuition in U.S., especially in private school, is huge amount of money, I still feel it worthwhile if I am able to develop professional skills, and also to have enough time to gain practical experience in the industry because I will have excellent resume to bring back to China. One year experience is not convincing enough for students who'd like to show their achievements here to employees in their homeland, and this will deduce the attraction of U.S. academical industry.

Somebody worries that international students will take away US job opportunities, DHS recognizes the concerns expressed above and proposes to modify the terms and conditions for employer participation in the STEM OPT extension in order to protect U.S. workers from possible employer abuses of these programs.

For instance, any employer wishing to hire a student participating in the STEM OPT extension would, as part of a newly required Mentoring and Training Plan, be required to sign a sworn attestation affirming that, among other things:

(1) The employer has sufficient resources and personnel available and is prepared to provide appropriate mentoring and training in connection with the specified opportunity; 
(2) the employer will not terminate, lay off, or furlough a U.S. worker as a result of providing the STEM OPT to the student; and 
(3) the student's opportunity assists the student in attaining his or her training objectives. 

As with all affirmations c