Extension of opt for F-1 nonimmigrant students with stem doesn't benefit the U.S. government and U.S. local residents. I strongly disagree to approving this rule.

First, the new proposed extension of OPT benefits neither local businesses nor U.S. economy. Most of students who just graduate from school and want this extension are not well-trained or rich-experience technical employees. From a local business perspective, companies are looking for rich-experience and well-communicated technical employees. Apparently, the population of new international students with OPT is not a good option. International students can't stay as long as U.S. residents unless they can gain h1b visas. No matter how long this extension is, the issue won't be solved and companies won't be able to gain lots of benefits from training the new international grads with new extension STEM OPT as long as the number of H1B approved visas still remains small. In contrast, the international students will use the experience they learned from U.S. companies against U.S. companies and hurts U.S. economy for a long run after they go home with 2 or 3 years work experience in U.S.

Second, most of international student employees with OPT don't pay Social Security taxes and Medicare taxes because the tax exemption from IRS. If they want to stay and work in U.S. longer, I suggest that they should apply for H1B instead of using new proposed extension of OPT. It's unfair for local people who live and work hard here but pay more taxes. It's about fairness and equal justice. What's more, the more position filled by international students with OPT; the fewer social security taxes will be collected. It will be a new burden of U.S. government to continue paying retirement pension with less social security taxes. Hence, no new extension is necessary and new proposed rule is not a good solution.

Third, the new OPT extension has side effect of stabilizing U.S. population. I suspect whether U.S. government is ready f