This new rule will definitely help the United States to achieve better economic performance, increased labor quality and a more competitive position in the global economy.

As STEM graduates have been trained by accredited universities, and universities in the US have excellent performance and reputation for educating talents, these people are those who have equipped very professional skills that many others do not have. These skills, like Internet Security, Mechanical Engineering, Geographic Information Science and many others, are highly demanded skills in the current job market. In other words, the job market is in short supply of excellent candidates. By 2020, employment in all computer occupations is expected to increase by 22%, but some IT fields will fare better than others, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS) biennial update of employment projections. Providing STEM students longer timeframe would gave them a better chance to fulfill these demands in the job market. As the companies could find better candidates, they would have more economic contribution to the nation and pay more tax.

STEM graduates, who turn from bachelor to master or PhD candidates, will increase the overall labor quality of the nation when they are entering the job market. A labor population with better quality is critical to a nations economic growth. People with little education could only work for some basic jobs, while people with high education could work in high-tech sectors. The nation definitely do not want the major industry be the agriculture and manufacturing. Services industry is what the US is wanted. It is a few pollution, high profit margin, sustainable and environmental friendly industry. STEM subjects are exactly parallel with the services industry. With STEM students have more time to be authorized to work in the service industry, the more the US economy would be benefited from the enhanced labor population. 

More time for STEM students work for the