Jayavardhan Dhulia 18 November 2015

The Honorable Jeh Johnson
Secretary of Homeland Security
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson,

Today, I write to you in support of the proposal to improve and extend the OPT STEM extension program available to non immigrant students with STEM degrees. 

Firstly, I would like to thank USCIS for coming forward with the required modifications within the vacated rule in a timely manner, due to which there is sufficient time of public comment period available to comment on the proposed rule.

Coming directly to the point, In my opinion, The OPT program ( STEM OPT + STEM OPT Extension) can be beneficial to the non immigrant students as well as to the US economy in the following ways:

1) Student's Professional Experience and Contribution to the US economy: By providing an extension on this program, the non immigrant students stand a chance to gain sufficient valuable experience and knowledge within their respective field of study. Furthermore, all through out these 36 months, the student would be contributing to the US economy within their field of expertise, thus helping the US government benefit from the student's contribution. Consequently the student would further aid in contributing to the US economy, if the student is lucky enough to have his/her name picked out in the H1-B lottery, and chooses to work in US for a few more years.

2) Student's Financial Situation: Going by statistics, TICAS's analysis of college-level and other available data for the last 10 years shows that, at the national level, 2014 graduates were only a little more likely to have student debt than their peers in 2004 (69% of graduates compared to 65%), but those who borrowed left school with a lot more debt. Average debt at graduation rose 56 percent, from $18,550 to $28,950, more than double the rate of inflation (25%) over this 10-year period (Source: http://ticas.org/sites/default/files/pub_files/classof2014.pdf). A vast amount of the graduate student population in USA comprises of non immigrant students, most of whom have debts approximating to around $30000 - 40000$ (Considering the cost of out of state fees, living expenses, cost of visa, travelling expenses etc.). By granting the students an extension, over the period of 36 months, the students would atleast stand a chance to repay a majority of their large debt taken to pursue education in USA.

3) Competition to other countries providing higher education: Over the years, United States has continually managed to attract a large population of international students in order to pursue education. As a student, I primarily chose to pursue my education in USA due to the immigrant-friendly policies developed by the US government to provide any non-immigrant with an equal opportunity to gain knowledge and build their career. By passing the proposed rule, the US government would be able to hold its competitive position against other countries that try to compete with USA with respect to higher education.

4) US Citizens still get to keep their jobs: As, it is very well known, that any company that hires an international student has to go through spend additional costs (Around $5000 for every attempt) on the student to sponsor his/her H1-B visa, hire an attorney, government fees etc. Why would a company prefer to hire a non-immigrant student over a US citizen? Logically,wouldn't it be cheaper for a company to hire a US citizen? As this, would save them on extra costs on sponsoring a work visa? In my opinion, a company would only hire a non-immigrant if he/she was better skilled with respect to their US citizen counterpart. If a US citizen was as skilled as a non-immigrant student, then in my opinion, the company would rather hire them than a non-immigrant student.

With this I would like to conclude my request in support of the proposed rule. I hope that my reasons and justifications would aid you in providing a right decision with respect to the proposed rule.

Lastly, I would like to say that we come to the USA, considering it as the LAND OF OPPORTUNITY and sincerely hope that we are provided with sufficient opportunities to grow professionally and build our career.

Thank you.

Best Regards,

Jayavardhan Dhulia
Clemson University
