Yi Shi 1)Comment on endurance of OPT extension:
It is a very major important improvement. As an IT professional, I know many IT projects during employment in industry 
take on average 2-3 years and in some cases such as the filed of biomedical science, it will take more than 4 years.DHS uses the NIH
grant example which is typical of three years. That is very true. For many IT products, the life cycle may be short but there are
numerous iterations of one life cycle that can last even into 10 years. Think about Iphone, there has been nearly ten years since
the first iphone lauched by Apple and Iphone is still in development.
Therefore, it will be even better if the endurance is 36 months.

2)Comment on the ability for qualifying students to receive an additional such STEM OPT extension based on a second STEM degree. 
That is an extremely great idea and I fully support it. Why? I had a different degree in my graduate study from my degree in my 
undergraduate study. I think I should get two OPT programs to practice my skills from two different areas. This will greatly encourage
study in STEM fields by international students to boost economy.

It will be better if a student earning a second degree in another field of STEM can also apply for OPT.

3)comment on the academic benefit of the STEM OPT extension for STEM students
OPT program is very helpful for students to practice and apply knowledge from schools. 
From my own example, without OPT, as a student in STEM, I will never have a chance of applying big data analytics, web applications and other technologies to polish my skills and resume. 
I studied computational biology which combines computer science and biology. 
I have an opportunity to use my OPT experience to apply computer science techniques and use Hadoop to analyze pharmaceutical data during my time in a health insurance company. 

4)comment on whether changes to the current content or structure of the list may be helpful or appropriate:
STEM fields definitely need to be updated to incorporate newly emerging fields such as Human Compter Interaction, Machine Learning, Computational Biology and others.

5)comment on E-verify: E-verify is a good system to prevent abuse of the program and should be kept.

6)Comment on US worker protection measures:

I think instead of using the ambiguous "commensurate". It will be better to simply define a high enough and clear enough prevailing wage requirement.
Also, it is better to set up of black list of companies that abuse the OPT program and any compaby in the list will be forever barred from using this program.

7)Comment on the "mentoring program" and site visits

The mentoring program will be ver impractical and unrealistic. Students on OPT and OPT extension should be treated as full time employees that are commensurate with their
US counterparts. There is no need for mentoring and companies have no experience in mentoring.

Site visits are very impractical and unrealistic as well. Companies will have security concerns about the site visits and this will discourage companies from recruiting
students on OPT.

8)Comments on options for addressing pending applications if a final rule is not in place prior to the court's vacatur
and comments on the harm that such a gap may cause:

If the OPT extension is not in effect by the deadline, there will a huge disaster.
No.1: Students on OPT will leave and US high Tech industry will face significant difficulties. There is no way for companies to quickly find
US domestic citizens to compensate.

No.2: It also sends a negative signal to international students who want to come to US to study and do research. If there is a serious decline in
international students, US educaiton system will be in serious difficulty and it will hurt US domestic students

No.3: US economy will be in serious trouble because of the resulting shortage of talents in STEM. There has been an argument from anti immigration groups that
there is no shortage of domestic STEM workers. Their argument totally ignores the heterogenity of labor market and various subsets of STEM fields.
There is a very good study: http://www.bls.gov/opub/mlr/2015/article/stem-crisis-or-stem-surplus-yes-and-yes.htm

If this situation does come true that a new OPT extension is not in effect by the deadline, DHS must resort to emergent
measures to grant a temporary OPT extension
