Cathy Li Dear Sir/Madam,

I am an international student currently working under OPT working permission. Today I would like to talk about the vital importance of OPT extension not only from my own experience, but also from some other interesting perspective.

This year USCIS received about 172,500 petitions towards the H1B Visa 2015 Cap. What does this mean ?

Firstly, U.S. employers are the ones who make the decision of filing H1B petition for international students. They are business owners. They make this decision not out of mercy but out of their business benefits and considerations. So even facing the H1B application fee ranging from $1,575 to $4,325 and the risk of loosing the employees if the lost the H1B lottery, they still hired the international student as employees and filed H1B application for them. If they could find appropriate U.S. citizen candidates on their positions, would it be easier for them just to hire U.S. citizens ? The high volume of H1B petitions from U.S. employers tells only one story that they cannot find appropriate U.S. citizens on their positions and they have to hire international students.

The H1B cap amount this year is 85,000. So less than half chance that international students who are supported to apply for H1B can actually get H1B. Just think how this can hurt international students and U.S. business owners. 

For international students, they went through the pain of finding jobs. They are best of the best after going through the process and get the job. Their American dream is almost come true but now broken. Isn't it heartbreaking ?

For U.S. employers, they went through the pain of finding good candidates and then providing on-the-job training. Now they are told that their employees are not allowed to work in the U.S. anymore. What a great cost it is for them! Searching for candidates and the first several months' of new employee training are always the costly part for business entities. It become sunk cost for them if they are no longer to keep their employees.

If we can increase OPT extension to 24 months, it simply gives U.S. employers and international students more time and flexibility. Take myself as an example. My first employer after graduation could not provide H1B sponsorship. Thanks to the 17months' OPT extension, I am able to find another satisfying job. 

Now U.S. economy is recovering. It's in great need of high-educated and fitted work force. So the 24 Months' OPT extension is definitely helping U.S. recovering in someway. There is no doubt that any biased decisions we make today can hurt U.S.'s future.

Regards,
Cathy Li

