Changgeng Liu The proposed OPT rules are strengthened mainly in two aspects. First the OPT extension for those with STEM degrees is adjusted from 17 months to 24 months. The second one is closer ties between the students under OPT , the degree-granting institutions and employers. I would like to express my strong support on this new policy based on my own experience and my discussions with my fellow foreign Ph.D. students. I completed my Ph.D. program in applied physics this February. After graduation, I started a Postdoctoral training at Yale school of medicine to continue my research to develop new diagnostic imaging tools for biomedical and clinical applications. In the past around 9 months, I learned a great deal of new skillsets. My understanding of my research field is significantly deepened and my view on the future research is expanding. I feel it is necessary to continue this training for at least another 2 years to get ready for a faculty or Principal investigator position to lead my own research team to innovate in my field. I am working under regular OPT now and will need OPT extension to continue my training over here. Without a need of changing my immigration status for 3 years after graduation, I can laser focused on my research at least for 2 to 2.5 years. This is decent time of period for me to complete the study and really get a great hold of expertise necessary to make valuable contributions to the communities. This is not just my own opinion. It is indeed the opinion for my fellow foreign students. Pure and applied physics are very fundamental and basic research, which has long proven foundations of modern technologies such as Light sources, Communications, Networking, Medical devices and so on. To become an expert in these fields, several years further training is essential. In our school, at least half of Ph.D. in physics is from outside of U.S. I believe this data may apply to many other institutions. The new rule can significantly benefit their training and encourage them to stay on to contribute to this country by solving fundamental physical mysteries, inventing new technologies, and creating more employments. If you sir or madam believe Physical sciences are not important, I will say you can try not to use your cell phones, your computers, your cars to see what kind of life you will have. Of course, I also welcome the closer overseeing of students under OPT to make this rule more effective in delivering the benefits to those who qualify.
