jiayi fen I strongly SUPPORT the proposed rule. The new proposed rule will benefit the F-1 students, but most importantly, it will benefit US Education and Economy. 

A lot of international students choose US as their dreams of learning knowledge and techniques overseas over other countries because of OPT and OPT STEM Extension. Students know that they need to step into the real work field to have practical training and then call that as the ultimate completion of their study. US universities will definitely be more attractive which will lead to a significant number of talented international students coming to US to purchase their degrees. So OPT and OPT extension helps a lot to keep US universities competitive in the world. 

Speaking of the duration of the OPT STEM Extension, the 24-month period is necessary since lots of the projects take more than 3 years to complete. Take a software project for example, it needs requirements gathering, structure design, system design, actual implementation, testing and fixing bugs. And usually there will be back and forth between each steps for requirement changes, performance improvements, etc.. One year is definitely not enough for a student to be fully trained with all these skills. 

International students are important contributors to US economy. Hiring international students is not decreasing the job opportunity for US citizens. Indeed it increases job opportunities for US citizens. Now there are a lot of outsource companies in other countries. US companies assign jobs to those companies which usually cost less but with lower quality. If all international students go back to their counties and join those companies, they will make those outsourcing not only low cost(those countries usually pay less to their employees), but also high quality. Then US company will send more jobs to those companies which lead to the shortage of job opportunities for US citizens. But if we keep the international students and utilize their talent and skills, US company will expand business in the states rather than sending jobs to those low quality outsourcing companies and thus more job will be created for both citizens and international students. Besides, International students are highly educated individuals along with their knowledge of their home countries, which will also help to expand the business to those countries. And this is also of great help of creating more job opportunities. 

In the proposed new rules, a Mentoring and Training Plan section is added. This makes the OPT STEM Extension more well operated and the international student more well trained as planed. Together with the E-verify requirements, the new rule makes the employed STEM students more well trained and his/her performance will be continuously tracked by the mentor. So there is no way that an unqualified and uneducated individual is granted for a OPT STEM Extension. 

In conclusion, the proposed rule will keep US Education stay competitive and US Economy healthy.
