Thank DHS for proposing this new rule to support STEM program. I STRONGLY SUPPORT THIS NEW OPT EXTENSION RULE.

I'm an international student from China. I graduated in the STEM field and specialize in the data science area. For my own experience, it's difficult for companies finding right candidates in my area. I have to say, the demand for great data science professionals is even over supply. STEM students are not taking US citizens job opportunities. Business owners are smart. They are actually paying more and need to meet more requirements to hire an international student. My company hire me because they cannot find better US citizens who are qualified to my job. And this situation always happens in other STEM fields. Improving and expanding the opt for F1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees will definitely help companies acquire talents. 

As far as I know, many countries are updating and improving their rules to attract international students. Due to increasingly competitive international education programs from other countries, USs share of foreign students has already decreased. A lot of practical projects require more than 2 years to accomplish. I believe if the opt extension is terminated, a lot of potential international students in STEM field will be disappointed about the unfriendly US international education program, and then choose other countries which can provide them the option to gain more practical experience after graduation. 

In addition to this, one of the most important thing for 21st century is talent. This is a war for talent. Lots of the STEM students are proved to have outstanding academic or professional achievements before they came to the US. They're not only making significant contributions to the U.S economy, through the payment of tuition and living expenses for self and family, but also promising elites for the society. If more and more STEM students choose to go to other countries but not US, I believe the international educat