This is an extremely wise and appropriate action for foreign F-1 students.
This proposal provides a win-win solution for both the U.S. government and foreign students. Foreign students have always been an important workforce for the United States. These STEM students serve in high-tech companies, research institutes, universities, which support the rapid growth of the United States. For decades, United States are taking advantages of this work force, thus it is wise to provide these foreign students proper opportunities for them to work in the United States, such as a 24-month OPT-extension.
For centuries, United States is the country of freedom and equality, and the door is always open. Taking a look at Japan, the locked door prevent the country from being improving, no matter how many efforts have been addressed in education, economics, and other factors. The world economy is in recession, and it is just not the correct time to shut the doors to foreign students. These students contribute $21.8 billion in tuition and $12.8 billion in other spending, and working opportunities should be considered another benefits for the United States. The 24-month extention is reasonable that they could contribute a lot to the country. 
What's more important, we should clarify that F-1 students are not immigrants. They come from fast growing countries which have a large market, and in return they are influencing their own country in an American way. Many comments seem to relate foreign students to immigrants, which is absurd. The limit of H1B lottery is 66,000 per year, and the bridge between OPT and H1B for foreign students is pretty huge. The H1B quota is where potential immigrants are regulated, not the OPT side. One-year is not even enough for a native student to find a job, how can this period be sufficient for OPT foreign students to find a job and do its contribution.
To sum up, the action is a wise and economical way for the U.S. government to take use of these foreign stu