08 November 2015

The Honorable Jeh Johnson 
Secretary of Homeland Security 
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. 

I am a graduate student at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) recently graduated with a PhD in Mechanical Engineering. 42% of MIT graduate students are international students and a vast majority of those are in the United States on F-1 visas. I will be strongly affected by the Proposed Rule. The same case is also true for many of my colleagues. 

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. I recently graduated am working in Silicon Valley under OPT now. I greatly appreciate this opportunity and it opens a new world for me. It offers a totally different perspective into my area of study, which can no way be achieved through course work at school. When I heard the news that the original STEM extension program would be cancelled, I was so disappointed and sad. It basically deprived a precious study opportunity to hone our skills gained at school from all internal students like me. Im particularly excited to see the a new STEM extension plan has been proposed and the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months. 

As I discussed, OPT and OPT extension provides an irreplaceable learning opportunity for students to hone their learned skills in real practice. They are indispensible parts of university education, especially for engineering areas. Universities in the US have a long tradition of upholding practical training. The motto of MIT is mind and hand, which means that we need to learn from real life, from real practice, from introducing our ideas and knowledge into real applications. What is more, the OPT an