This whole situation is a lie, we do not need the American Replacement Act to continue. Instead we need it stopped. By replacing Americans and bringing down wages thru out the country you all have been proved to be Benedict Arnolds. All of you who promote this outrageous lie. I am an I/T web developer whose has seen my wages stagnated while internationals, legal or illegal, steal them from me with the help of corporations in power and their puppets (IE: the President) they control in government. So what are you going to do, give me the informed answer not the lies you prefer to put out there, that would be nice for once. Yes, I am not being very respectful but then only those who have earned it deserve it. So lets get into it...

I know plenty of American students who are coming out of college with awesome grades, even some with master degrees like my own son. What is going to happen to them if they are not able to get positions while owning on large amount student loans? Why are you replacing these American citizens who are coming out of college when only 25% are actually getting jobs in the STEM areas of their studies due to other rules similar to this one ? This rule will certainly keep them out of those jobs. 

Without jobs / positions they will not be able to pay these loans back, their futures destroyed by their own nation, their own corporations greed. Why should they end up working for McDonald's when they are educated and have better grades then those who do not ? My son is at the top of his class, top grades far better then any of the internationals student who attend the same classes with him. 

What are you going to do about companies like Disney, Dell, SEC of California and so many more that hire these cheaper wage internationals? The corporations actually replace Americans who are then forced to train them as replacements ? Is this the future our children should expect from their nation ? Yes, they are part of the greater picture in which our country r