I am fully in support of the proposed training extension opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees. I believe it should be extended to 24 months. The extension would be beneficial to all that are involved, which are; the students, U.S. employers, the economic sector, and the educational system. If this proposed extension becomes successful, STEM students would gain more experience during their OPT period due to the additional time. STEM students are limited to a time period of seventeen months to achieve both theoretical and practical knowledge in their specified fields. Time extension would be beneficial to the students in that they will be knowledgeably equipped to practice in their home countries. Also, this would give them more time to spend with their families, and the numerous friends they have made over the years. 
Furthermore, the extension would also be beneficial to the U.S. employers. This is because, majority of international students that come to the U.S. to study are in the STEM fields. STEM students tend to provide valuable skills to employers. In an educational research article by Neil Ruiz, he pointed out that "collectively the STEM fields accounted for 37 percent of all F-1 visa approvals, compared to 27 percent overall". 
http://www.brookings.edu/research/interactives/2014/geography-of-foreign-students#/M10420 . Employers benefit a lot from the skills of STEM OPT students. Some opposing arguments suggest that giving STEM OPT students more time to work in the U.S. will displace American workers. This argument can be countered because it is illegal for an employer to terminate or layoff any eligible U.S. worker as a result of providing the STEM OPT to an F-1 student. 
Also, STEM students contribute to the United States economy by providing assistance to scientific research professionals. They use their skills to develop new technologies which are used in different institutions in the country, and they also help to improve existin