I strongly support DHS changed the current 17-month OPT STEM extension to 24-month OPT STEM extension.

I am an international master student with the major of Ocean Engineering. I am working in a ship and energy related company. And I am already using my 17-month extension. If the 17-month extension is shorten or canceled, I will definitely leave my company in 2016 Feburary, which will cause a big problem not only to us but also to my company due to the large international employees who have the same situation as me.

Also, from another aspect. Before I came to US, I can choose between US and UK. But considering that US will have a lot opportunities for international students to have more trainings, then I decided to came to US. If the 17-month OPT STEM extension can be changed to 24-month. US will be much more attractive to international students, which means more students will come to US and more educational investigation will come to US. I think American people will also benifit from that.For example, my college is in Hoboken, which is a small town in NJ. In my views, a lot of local resturants, local residents and local toursist industry benifit from more and more internatinoal students.

Fianlly, some one may say that more international students will take over American people's working opportunities. I think US is a great country where every people with different color can have the same opportunity, rather than a country with monopolism. If international students' original extension was canceled or shorten, I think that will not be a honest behavior for the government. Also, that will be a disaster for students who are already in their OPT STEM extension. Moreover, I don't know every international students' conditions, but based on my understanding about my Chinese friends, we plan to go back to China after the training in US during the OPT period. If we can have the 24-month OPT STEM extension, we will be more competitive when we go back to China, but the short