I strongly support this new OPT extension rule. 

Firstly, it is good for Americans and the countries. Almost all the companies in American are supported by these field in STEM.These corporations needs these young elites to develop. China and Russia have a strong developing trend these years. If the OPT extension rule come true, the policy will reserve many elites working in America and attract more excellent students come to America. With more foreign students, the local young people will have to compete with these foreign students rather than addict themselves in substance abuse or parties. As we all know, competition contributes to prosperity. A strong United States is based on the fusion of different races and cultures. We hope to see a strong United States is famous for its comprehensive and open. Small minds on narrowing down the training opportunities will harm the benefits of the corporations and the students. It is not real good to local young people in the long run.

Secondly, it is kind to foreign students. I am not a STEM student but I have many friends who are STEM students. I know many of them are feel struggle facing with the visa problem. If the OPT extension rules come true, many problems can be solved. For examples, many projects in these fields are usually 2 or 3 years. The students can experience a whole process and feel less anxiety with extensive practical training time. These kind of experience can be more useful for the students go back to their own countries to find good jobs. It can also become an attractive items for students choose to study in America.

Thirdly, many young people have the ambitions to go back to their own countries. China has many opportunities for young people to start a business as a developing country. As I know, most of my friends they just want to have a good practice training in America so that they can have a valuable experience and then when they go back to China they can have more strength to compete with others.