Ashish Shetty 11/08/2015

Re: Comments on Proposed Rule: Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students
80 Fed. Reg. 63375 (October 19, 2015)
Docket ID: ICEB-2015-0002
Dear Chief Westerlund:

I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students," published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.
I was glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Graduates.
OPT serves the only way where an International student can apply their classroom based knowledge into the real practical world. The extension makes a STEM graduate ready for practical real world immersion. The additional OPT time would allow students like me get valuable experience and practical insight of the knowledge I have gathered in a classroom. On the other hand it will allow Employers to remain competitive globally through innovation which will in turn fuel the US economy. 
After carefully reading the below comments, it is seen that most of them are just trying to pit native born students against International students, while this is never the case. The American economy is dynamic and powerful enough where people of all race, religion and nationality have come together to build it. Most gains in the US economy has come through skilled workforce who have earned their degrees through American Universities. Skilled immigrants' contributions to the U.S. economy help create new jobs and new opportunities for economic expansion. Indeed, foreign-born students who graduate with an advanced degree in STEM fields from U.S. universities positively impact the U.S. economy and employment opportunities of native-born workers. A skilled workforce is what a country needs to stay strong and grow economically. 
I urge you to help us build a great economy by supporting this rule.
