I strongly agree with this new immigration policy. It will be beneficial not only to the F-1 visa students and American companies, but also to the general public.

First of all, I would like to point out that lots of the opposite comments here are just Copy & Paste from several anti-immigration websites, such as http://www.stopoverreach.com/, they dont even know whats OPT. I do hope the people left comments here have a basic understanding of the issue, not only just a tide of emotion. 

1.Who will be affected by this STEM-OPT issue? Only the students with Science, Technology, Engineering and Math degrees. It is estimated by U.S. Department of Education (http://www.ed.gov/stem) that the projected percentage increases in STEM jobs in 2010~2020 is 14% for all occupations (16% in Math, 22% in Computer science, 32% in Systems and software developers, 36% in Medical scientists and 62% in Biomedical engineers). There is a huge demand in these areas, however, it is said .Yet today, few American students pursue expertise in STEM fieldsand we have an inadequate pipeline of teachers skilled in those subjects. So the people who left opposite comments should be aware that the jobs in the STEM areas have never been filled up, thats why they should not be warried about the things like Robbing my job. 

For example, I know several friends working for a small clinical trial consulting company, it needs a lot of math major students to do statistical analysis for all the trials. Since its just a starting company, they can rarely hire American students (even its near a local university). The only reason they recruit international students is they have great skills and can finish their job quickly, not for the tax things. 

2.One year OPT has little benefit to both the international students and the company/ public. As we all know, most of the STEM jobs are difficult and do need heavy training and experience. Suppose I was an international student who is looking for a foreign country to