Dear Sir/Madam
I am a graduated PhD student studied in US. Before I say my wishes about the 24 month extension for OPT to pass, I would like to hear what the sound of the negative opinions is. If we browse though the comments that disagree with the extension proposal, we can notice that the arguments are general like this:

OPT is, based on plenty of study, a destructive program that (1) provides employers with cheap labor, (2)harm the citizens job opportunities, and (3) threat the national security. 

So here is what I want to say. First of all, if any one of these arguments has solid supports and proof, to say that the most of the international graduates do create the negative impact to US, there wont be this discussion at all. If it is obviously so terrible, then what is the reason there is the proposal to extend it? 
Specifically, for (1), it really lacks evidence support. Even this were a situation happening right now, dont you think it is wiser to argue with the large companies to share their profit more with their employees than calling us the cheap labor? This kind of comments is really racist. We are not the reason of the so-called low income (let alone that whether the income is low is still not sure), the people who make the salary is. We should come together to fight against the employers if necessary. Expel people to make the society better is never the solution during the long way of human history.

(2) Similar reason as for (1), there is one job there and all the people who are legit to work can apply for it. Being an international student doesnt give us any privilege in job hunting. When the human resources/professors see our resumes, they normally wont see the citizenship. They see what people have done, if they like the resume the company would like to talk to the people and decide whether he/she is qualified for the job. Doesnt this sound fair? If you dedicate to the job and show your determination, you can get what you want. And if you cherish th