Stop this insanity of punishing Americans with STEM degrees. Stop financially rewarding companies that hire foreign workers. AMERICANS FIRST!!

Why are you discriminating against America's children? It is treasonous to do so!

The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program. OPT has despicably denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013! AMERICANS FIRST!

OPTs are sought after by employers because they tend to be younger (cheaper) than their American competitors. Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program.

Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa (in a letter to President Obama):

"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 years - the same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be! valid - there is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent."
the proposed regulations are "irresponsible and dangerous considering the Government Accountability Office (GAO) report issued in March 2014 finding that the program was full of inefficiencies, susceptible to fraud, and that the Department was not adequately overseeing it."
"The report also found a major national security problem in that the Department does not know where tens of thousands of foreign students are living and working in the country. The GAO said that 'ICE cannot fully ensure foreign students working under optional practical training are maintaining their legal status in the United States.'"
"After the GAO issued its report in 2014, I wrote to you