This rule has to be issued. Government and the US educational institutes provide a lot of incentives such as scholarships and financial aids for international students to receive a quality education here. I, for example, got a wonderful opportunity to study at Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) with full financial aid. MIT gave me a really good training and quality education and I am grateful to MIT and the USA for it. If this rule is not passed, I will be deported back to my country. I think this makes no sense, because 

1) If US invests so much on providing education and training to foreign students, it should not make it so hard for them to stay here and serve the US economy. 
2) US gains a high positive reputation in the world because of its welcoming nature to people all around the world. Even people from countries such as China, India, and Russia, which are other economic giants, want to come to the USA. I think USA is a great nation because of its diversity and its welcoming nature. Let's preserve it. 
3) As widely misconstrued, immigrants are not stealing American jobs. In fact, they're creating more jobs. According to this Forbes article (http://www.forbes.com/sites/robertlenzner/2013/04/25/40-largest-u-s-companies-founded-by-immigrants-or-their-children/), 40% of the largest US companies are founded by immigrants or their children. According to a Huffington Post article, Immigrants are twice as likely to start businesses than American citizens. These create more jobs.
4) US is the technological leader in the world. Most of the new inventions and research in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics happens here, and a lot of them happen due to the contribution of foreign students. Vast majority of graduate students in STEM fields are foreign born. If US sweeps them away, the innovation and research is hugely negatively affected.

Therefore, having well-educated and well-trained foreign students in the USA is critically important. I not on