This rule would be beneficial to the American economy not just when the foreign student is in the country, but even after he/she leaves. This will also be highly beneficial to boost global economy as a whole. Let me explain how.

I am currently a student on STEM OPT and work for a prestigious American software company. This software is used across the world in several countries. Our key R&D team is based in Atlanta. 

I am a citizen of Indian and I work as a Regional Escalation Manager in the company. I am responsible for all high profile customer escalations from India. This includes daily meetings with development and product teams in the North America office to identify key issues and work towards resolutions. Additional responsibilities are meeting with clients to work on identifying and capturing client specific use cases or product enhancements, creating and providing necessary documentation, and working directly with senior leadership. 

As I am an Indian, I have an edge over an average American in understanding the Indian market as I have lived there for 22 years of my life. Also, I can easily build personal relationship with the clients based out of India and be the bridge between them and R&D and senior leadership, who are mostly in Atlanta. I will be able to perform my duties only if I spend most of my time in the US as I need to be able to meet and work in person with the R&D resources here in order to work towards an amicable solution for our client. Besides, I have the opportunity to put to use and hone my computer engineering skills that I have acquired from my Graduate School here in the US. 

Having the STEM extension will give me more time to understand the product framework, while helping out our clients and help me go back with a greater amount of knowledge to serve the company as well as the clients in India with greater efficiency. This way the American economy is still continued being contributed in some way by the student who once availed the