Generally I think the new rule is very good, for the following reasons:

1.International students are mostly much smarter than domestic students in the same universities, because US universities give strong preference to US students over international students in the admission process. That is, if two students have similar academic achievements, one of whom is US citizen and the other is foreigner, then US universities will definitely admit the US citizen FIRST. So those international students admitted by US universities are generally smarter than the average US students US universities admitted. So the common occurrence is that most of the students who earn a GPA of 4.0 in US universities are international. As a result, to make US universities contribute more to US economy, those smart international students must be given permission to work in US to contribute to US industry.

2. Industry need more smart employees to develop. As I said in the above paragraph, international students are generally smarter than US citizens in the same universities. So US industry need those smart people.

3. Giving international students more permission to work can prevent them from returning to their own countries to compete with US. It's a foolish to train a smart student and then tell them to return to our competitors. Although US is the greatest country in the work but recently its status is being challenged by countries like China. OPT extension can prevent smart people from returning to China and promote their ability to compete.

Some opponents may claim US has enough STEM graduates and many US STEM graduates work in non-STEM field. I cannot agree with them because:

1. There are many reasons why many US STEM graduates don't work in STEM field. Some of them may be that other fields are more profitable than STEM field. For example, many MIT STEM graduates work as real estate agents, which is NOT a STEM field. Because many real estate agents have much higher salaries than STEM fi