This is another crack in our foundation of the American Dream, working, hard working average Americans will be required to fight for jobs that they have dreamed of. Jobs that are supported today with incentives by American tax dollars going to improving and expanding training opportunities for foreign students. These benefits, these incentives should go for improving opportunities for American citizens, increasing employment opportunities for American citizens and families. American tax dollars should go first to help build American families, by improving educational and training benefits for United States citizens. Not foreign citizens, Americans should not have to fight for there own tax dollars supported employment opportunities. Do you not see something terrible wrong with this picture, these numbers must not be increased, and if anything, they should be reduced. With these funds and opportunities going directly to the American citizens and families, improving the foundation of our nation. We can no longer, nor should be continue with these type of programs, and it should be considered only if our economic, and national security is somehow at risk without it. So much more can be done for our own citizens, using these funds can be a new beginning, and can help turn our nation around. Opportunities build hope, opportunities build security and future dreams, dreams that millions of American families need. Spending American tax dollars on foreign aid for employment opportunities is like stabbing the American citizens in the back while they struggle to make a living. So much can be done, so much more can and must be done, bringing millions of American families and individuals up from poverty. Assisting and creating a new training incentive program that encourage American factories to hire and train American citizens first, placing legal American citizens and families before foreign citizens is the right thing to do. Building up those who are here legally, building up