I quite agree with the view that the extension of the STEM should be secured as well as the Cap-Gap relief should be confirmed. I agree with this not just because I am an F-1 STEM student who will be affected by this, but also on the well-being and goodness of the US people and companies. 

A country can never be booming up in the economy as well controlling well on the CPI index to avoid the price going to high. But these years US government has done well in this. You may argue it is the result of the low interest rates. Come on, it is just a few years after the financial crisis, many firms got broke down. If you know the market well, the technology firms as well as the technology itself contribute a lot to the not only firm wide but also the country wide recovery of the economy. And a really important factor is the STEM extension after 2008 which allow more technology and science related students to have more time to chase their dreams as well as contributing to the US economy as well as the firms. So it will not be surprised that many tech firms including Facebook, Google and Airbnb, are still keeping expanding the number of the international employees even they are so big now. Beyond that, for many firms other than the tech field, they are quite eager to get the tech-background people to make the firm work more efficiently, for instance, the tech side in the finance world or other industries. Yeah, you got it. There are still a gap between the need of the tech guys and the supply of them in US, and the former group is much much larger than the latter in job market.

More specifically, the STEM extension will contribute to the firms in US or some international companies who have branches in US. And not surprisingly, the firm appreciates more than the employees like us. As I have many friends related to STEM background and as far as I know, for tech people, for no matter what industry, they are in need in each country. Even US would not give the opportunity for wo