I strongly SUPPORT this proposal for the following reasons:

STEM program is a very important reason why most of the talented students from world wide choose to come to U.S. to get higher education in recent years. No other countries can provide such an opportunity for international students to practice their practical skills to advance their careers. Ability to attract talents has always been the most important reason why U.S. universities can keep their leading positions in the world, and STEM are no doubt the most critical areas for U.S. to continue its leadership in the 21st century. Also, the more international students come here, the more payment of tuition they will bring, the more expense they will make, which will all contribute to U.S. economy. 

Extending the current extension to 24 months will bring a lot of benefits for U.S. technology companies. Currently Im working as a software engineer at a big silicon valley company, in which a project usually take 2 to 3 years to complete. In the past year Ive already seen several teams have to spend a lot of time in recruiting and training new person in the middle of the project, just because some international students have to leave this country because their OPT status have expired. Its a lose-lose condition: company lose well trained employees, and students lose the opportunity to pursue deeper experience. I believe this kind of situation also happens in academic projects in research institutions, and the 24 month proposal will solve these problems.

Ive also seen some other comments saying OPT program causes Americas lose their jobs and it totally doesnt make sense. There is no evidence indicating that international students get hired because they are willing to accept lower salary pay. And in IT industry, the main reason for low salary level is outsourcing: people working outside U.S. earn very little money and they can do most of the basic programming jobs just as U.S. employees. As long as outsourcing exis