This proposed rulemaking about the extension of OPT periods for nonimmigrant F1 visa holders would in general make an improvement towards the development of US's high-technology industry, and would improve the US's economy level to a great extent. Hence, my personal opinion is that such a rulemaking should be passed.
As everyone knows, the United States is a contury of immigration. Under the statement from the Declaration of Independence that "all men are created equal", this country welcomes immigrants, overseas students and foreign visitors from every corner of the world. As one of the most well-known nonimmigrant citizen groups, the overseas students holding F1 visas comprise possibly the largest number of well educated foreign visitors in this country. Their knowledge and skills not only bring a positive influence on our academic environments, but also to our high-tech industry as well. This is especially true for those students with STEM majors. Therefore, an extension of the F1 OPT periods would definitely make a positive effect on attracting more talented students, and in turn make progress in high-tech industry (IT as one of the most profound examples).
There have been opposing opnions about the rulemaking that such an extension would bring more employment competition with the native citizens. My viewpoint is that such argument might not be a valid one. There are several reasons: first, most US citizens in unemployment status have no bachelor's degrees [1], so the competition brought upon by the OPT extension would be minimal. Second, one needs to do the correct arithmetic in order to compute a real influence of the rulemaking: since the rulemaking just extends the OPT period from 17 months to 24 months, the increasement in the number of F1 students would be about half of the annual bachelar graduates (a conservative estimation since definitely not all of the F1 students would stay on OPT). Take the number of [2], this number in 2013 is about 0.5 * 100,000 =