I am an international student in the United States and graduated from Johns Hopkins University with a master's degree in Applied Mathematics and Statistics in 2014. After graduation, I was hired by my current employer and I am currently working as an actuarial analyst on my OPT. My OPT will expire on 1/18/2016. My boss is satisfied with my work and he would like to help me get work authorization (H1-B) in the year of 2016. However, the recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, I can't get an H1-B on April 1, 2016 because my OPT will expire before that. Then I will have to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes. If that happens, it will mess up my work and the work in my team as well. January is the busy season in my team and my coworkers need my contribution during quarter end. If I have to leave during that time, my boss will have to look for another candidate to fill my position and it's not easy to find a good candidate within a short time. Even though he finds a good candidate, my coworkers still need to spend at least one month to train that person. Personally, it will also have a very detrimental influence on my study experience and career plan. Before I came to the United States, I was pursing a Bachelor degree in Australia. When I was considering graduate schools in the United States and Australia, I chose the United States in the end. One of the reasons is that the United States provides OPT extension to STEM degree holders. In order to be a meaningful learning experience, a 24-month extension combined with the initial 12 month OPT period is appropriate duration to allow me meet my learning goals and work on more projects that better complement academic programs and career interests. I made my study and career plans based on that time length (with OPT extension) since I came to United States. If the OP