Since the advantage of OPT extension should be commented by other comments, here I just want to mentions some disadvantage of canceling it.

Why this role started at the beginning: Attracting skillful people study and work and contribute for here, for US. 

But why only STEM: Not so many Americans are willing to work on that. 
I am not the guy which has much data collected, just as my personal known, my Americans friends are more interested in Business, Finance, Education, Art, Management, etc. Not technologies, such as programming, Mechanical, Electric. Big Technic companies always required more people to work for them, so where are these amount people come from, US citizens? Yeah, that always a very important sources, but not enough, as Technic developing so fast.If international people all leave, who work for these large tech companies? Probably this will only result in shrinking positions in the US, and offshoring sub-offices outside US. 

If the rule canceled, even taking education here will become not that attractive, because we all know that just graduation is totally not enough for putting ourselves into market(Not every student can graduate from Harvard, etc.). 2+ 3+ years of working experience in related tech area, everyday we see that on job posting website. If we don't have opportunities to do an industry practice, just go back to our own countries, we are not competitive even as the people who didn't leave, because they have culture fit and friends power who can refer them. If this happened, who wants to leave their own countries taking education anymore?(Though I need to say US has the most advanced education in the world)

To be honest, this rule it will increase competition between international people and US citizens, but is that a bad thing? Apple, Google, Facebook, etc, these companies, high level (seniors) programmers, are still Americans, because they like Technics, they do well in this area. Do they afraid of this competition? I don't think so.