I strongly support this proposal. The reasons are listed as follows:

1. The OPT for international students would not be harmful to the America workers, instead, it would improve the native students by introducing competition in the market. Anyone with basic of economy knew that free competition would improve the market and lack of competition would only result in a market with no vitality and full of under-qualified products.

2. The high tech companies are in need of large number of workers in the stem major. however, there is limited number of native america students in stem major, it is common sense that america students prefer business, medical and politics than science and technology. If this proposal is cancelled, there will be a great loss to the high tech companies, and in return, a great loss to the America economy. Because technology provides the basis for the non-stem majors workers. Imagine a world with no computer, no software, no machine, no car, no airplane, how would business, medical and politics strive in the world?

3. America is well-known for free spirit, for welcoming high tech immigrants. Those famous scientist, such as Einstein, etc, flee to America for protection and in return, made a huge contribution to the country. The world war II wouldn't have come to an end, without the theory of E = mc2, which was a great contribution of foreign workers made to the United States. Certainly not everyone can be Einstein, but it would only worth it to keep the smartest mind in the states, regardless of which country he/she may come from. Canceling the proposal is another sense of discrimination, which is against the basic spirit of the states.

Overall, it would only be beneficial for the country, and for the native America students/workers to adopt this proposal. And it would also be beneficial to the international students in science and technology. And I also wondered that if the policy for foreign students just keep going worse and worse, those stud