I am writing to strongly SUPPORT the proposed rule of Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

As an international student in the United States, I graduated in 2014 with a Ph.D. degree in STEM. I am currently working in a biotech company on OPT STEM Extension. Thus, I am highly concerned with the possibility that my opportunity of working on the STEM Extension might be disrupted by recent court decision that eliminated the rule. Without the availability of a STEM extension, even my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa for me on April 2016, I wont be able to work till October start date of the H-1B visa in 2016.

I am really glad to see the newly proposed rule for reinstituting and even improving the 2008 STEM OPT extension rule. The STEM extension should be retained for lots of reasons, including but not limited to: 

Students on OPT STEM extension are the driving force for employers to join E-verify system. E-verify allows businesses to determine the eligibility of employees to work in the United States, which eliminates illegal workers in United States. My employer participated the E-verify system under my request in the process of hiring me on my STEM extension. 

The STEM extension should be retained for the benefit of employers. Disruption for my employer will be unavoidable if I am not able to work for at least a few months. They have already spend lots of time and efforts to train me in the industrial environment, and I have started to make contributions to the whole group based on my professional skills, academic experiences and knowledge on latest techniques in the field. Ending work authorization unexpectedly will cease my contribution to the company immediately, and will inevitable create a disruption of their product development.

I urge DHS and the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) continu