I strongly support this proposed rule.

First, the OPT extension is beneficial to the US economy. Actually, the high-tech industry has been playing an important role not only in the US economy but also in the whole global economy (see http://www.nsf.gov/statistics/issuebrf/sib98319.htm). But at the same time, US is also facing the problem of high-tech worker shortage (see http://www.builtinla.com/2014/12/09/depth-report-high-tech-worker-shortage-how-obamas-executive-order-immigration-changes-it). This fact can be partly reflected by the increasing gap between the H1B visa cap and the number of applications. This causes the situation that a significant number of well-qualified workers have to give up their jobs and their companies have to look for other workers to fill in the positions, which is not easy due to the aforementioned high-tech worker shortage.

Second, some people who are against the OPT extension said some companies can take advantage of this rule to hire workers with wages lower than normal. But they have missed the important fact that a large portion of the workers who were formerly international students have already paid a large amount of money for their tuition fees. They definitely would like to earn these previous investments back. It does not make sense to me that they would be happy to get paid lower than normal. Additionally, when hiring workers, a company does not only consider how much it can save by hiring workers with lower wages, but also (actually it values more on) how many contributions these works can give to the company. It is untenable for a company to hire someone just because it can pay less money to him/her.

Third, some people who are against the rule also claimed that they do not feel the citizenship of being an American because their jobs are being grabbed by foreigners. As we all know, America is a country of immigrants. Everybody who came to US is given the rights to purse his/her American dream. This holds true not only for