Americans will greatly benefit from OPT Extension. Legal immigrants and OPT extension from the following reasons:
1. Few Americans study STEM majors right now. 
During my master's study of applied mathematics - a STEM major, 
we had 25 classmates but only 1 student was American. 
During my Ph.D. study in California, in our statistics program, only 2 out of 10 people are Americans.
However, there are huge amount of job positions such as "statisticians", "financial analyst", "mathematical modeler" and companies cannot find enough employees.

2. STEM students are enjoying much higher salary than the average salaries of Americans. 
For example, when I walked as data analyst in LA company, we international students helped company to build effective math models, which played an extremely important role in the business, the company paid us salaries three times more than those of Americans in the company.
It is because the company understood that the company will suffer great loss if we have to leave the company.
So STEM students are absolutely not cheap labor. They are vital to U.S. economy and keep this nation as the leader in the world.

3. It is the illegal immigrants and cheap labors in ICC companies who are taking away the jobs from Americans, not STEM students.
As the USCIS shows, the cheap labors from ICC companies have little education in general, most of them do not have a bachelor degree. 
However, they drop the average salaries down, take away a huge amount of jobs from Americans, and occupies an increasing numbers of H1B quote every year that should belong to STEM students.
Federal government should take immediate actions to illegals and cheap labors in ICC companies, or they will ruin this country.

4. Since STEM students are generally taking top and high-tech job positions, they make great contribution to the well-being of Americans and the leading role of U.S. in the world.

In summary, STEM students and OPT extension are of great significance to American an