I strongly believe that the proposed rule for Improving and expanding training opportunities for F1 students will greatly benefit USA economy, workforce and society.

1. It gives F1 students an opportunity to enhance their skills, knowledge and experience in STEM areas, adding more value to the degrees they obtained from USA universities. If implemented, this rule will allow the international students enough time to bring new innovative ideas on the table and evaluate them, greatly enriching the science and technology sector in USA.

2. The proposed rule ensures that American citizen STEM workers will not get affected by the employments of non immigrant students in STEM areas. Proposed rule adequately takes measures to prevent any discrimination against American citizen workforce in terms of job opportunities or wage scale. 

3. The USA economy will be greatly benefited by this rule. During this training program the science and technology industry of USA will be greatly benefited by the skills, knowledge and training obtained by the F1 students in American universities. 
According to NAFSA, "The 886,052 international students and their families at universities and colleges across the country supported 340,000 jobs and contributed $26.8 billion to the U.S. economy during the 2013-2014 academic year" [reference - NAFSA, http://www.nafsa.org/Explore_International_Education/Impact/Data_And_Statistics/NAFSA_International_Student_Economic_Value_Tool/] 

4. With introduction of the mandatory mentoring policy, the students and the employers will be engaged in a more closely monitored training which will benefit both of them by giving this training program a proper direction and prevent from any possible misuse.

5. Finally, during this extended training program, international students will get enough opportunities to exchange cultural ideas which greatly benefits the society in terms of diversity. 

Hence, I would want to conclude that this rule would benefit USA economy, w