I strongly support this new policy on the 24-month OPT extension for foreign students with STEM degrees for the following reasons:

1. International students have brought huge economic contributions to the US. According to NAFSA findings in 2014 (attached), the 886,052 international students and their families at universities and colleges across the country supported 340,000 jobs and contributed $26.8 billion to the U.S. economy during the 2013-2014 academic year. Foreign students not only contribute economic value, they also form an important source of connection between US and other countries, bringing cultural variety and global perspectives to US classrooms and research labs. More friendly foreign student policies will help attract more talented students from other counties to the US. 

2. STEM innovation is a key driver of the US economic growth. International students is a large and important community in both academic and industrial STEM fields. According to World Education News & Reviews (WES), there have been more than 1/3 international students enrolled in STEM programs each year over the past few years. The STEM OPT extension is a necessity to help keep these talented students in the US.

3. There has been a shortage in STEM talent in the US labor market over the past few years. Here is what can be found in an article posted on US News in 2014: "according to the Conference Board, there are currently three job vacancies advertised online for every unemployed computer worker.". In face, not only companies in the rapidly growing IT industry, but also many companies in traditional industries are looking for STEM employees to help them make business innovations. International students make up a large proportion of highly skilled STEM labor force. Therefore it is important to provide them with equal employment opportunities so that they can help contribute to US economy. 

As such, I would like to sincerely urge the US government to take actions to put this pol