As an IT professional in the field and as a U.S. citizen, I find it appalling that the DHS believes in the following:

1. There is a shortage of STEM workers in the U.S. which can only be alleviated through foreign workers. This is absolutely not true. According to Joe Cunningham of Red State, "One of the big education pushes in the United States is to increase STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) education and create a workforce better suited to the jobs available in the modern era. Even schools that are not dedicated STEM schools are pushed to increase their STEM education, and other communities have gotten together to create STEM initiatives to supplement education." We have students and the resources to get our workforce interested in STEM but because of disingenuous policies like OPT and greedy tech corporations, U.S. workers are not even given a chance. In fact, because of these shady practices that only serve to benefit the tech corporations, it has hurt and discouraged students, particularly African Americans, from picking STEM fields. Richard Trumpka, the President of the AFL-CIO, stated that "In 2002, 14.5% of black science and engineering majors chose computer science, versus 11.5% for all Americans. But by 2012, because of declining job prospects, the share of black science majors choosing computer science fell to 9.8%". If this administration is for uplifting our minority groups and providing a better economic future for Americans, why is this administration pushing for an expansion of the OPT program which undoubtedly benefits foreigners while hurting and taking away opportunities for Americans?

2. Students need three years of OPT, a "so-called" internship, to be prepared for a career in IT. I studied Management Information Systems at college and I can tell you that because it was a high quality program, I and my peers needed at most ONE SUMMER of internship experience to start our careers in IT. Why is it that foreign workers need THREE YEAR