I strongly support OPT-Extension for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM degrees. 

First, it is really hard for an international student to study in the US. They need to overcome numerous difficulties such as language barrier and culture differences. That means, those internal students who can survive college studies must be very outstanding! They need to be able to learn fast, they need to have good physiological quality, and of course, they need to be talented to get a nice GPA. They are qualified to work in the US and they can contribute a lot to the development of STEM in USA. 

Second, it is American spirit to give everyone on this land equal rights to compete with each other. Those talented international students who come to the US deserves more time to practice their skills after graduation.

Third, STEM OPT extension will benefit a lot to US education and economy. If this policy cannot be supported, the US will not be as attractive as it was to international students in STEM areas. Talented students may want to stay in their own country or go to other countries to find opportunities since it will be too hard for them to find a working opportunity after graduation. Therefore, this policy is good for improving US education and attracting students to the US. Moreover, those talented STEM students will be able to improve US economy a lot. We cannot ignore the fact that some international students are very talented in STEM areas. For example, their are more international students from various countries than US students in the CS (computer science) PhD program and many other engineering PhD program in my school. If the extension policy cannot pass, I believe most of these students will go back to their own country to find positions. This is a BIG loss for US economy. Actually this leads to my final point.

Finally, taking PhD students into consideration, STEM OPT extension policy is very powerful in maintaining the world's first position of America in Science and