Narasimha Bharadwaj Vijay Kumar I strongly support the extension. Here are my reasons for the support:

1. Unites Stated is currently facing STEM workforce shortage. 

2. Most students come here for education mostly because of job opportunities. If the extension is removed, the chances of getting a job diminish significantly. This will simply lead to students not coming to the US for study.

3. Various universities that rely on large tuition collection from foreign nationals will lose a major source of revenue. Not to mention billions-dollars economy that relies on international students renting houses, cars, travel, shopping, phones, buying cars, tourism economy when parents and relatives visit America.

4. It is not the cheap labor that allows international students to get STEM jobs, but genuine interest and eligibility (due to advanced degrees). Link: Refer: http://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2014/cb14-130.html

5. If at all American-STEM-job problem exists, it will not be solved by blocking the international students from getting those jobs. It will simply hurt the companies that rely on eligible candidates. Eventually, they may end up outsourcing those jobs across the world.

6. Personnel perspective, every F-1 Student has responsibilities and loans having trust, relying on STEM OPT, many will probably be jobless, homeless and more crisis. 

In the end, I just want to say that, US economy is built on fair competition. This extension gives a fair chance to students to compete and find a job. International students work hard and retain the jobs because they have too much at stake. They have proven to be great workers and an asset to many companies all across the US.

If this somehow scares the domestic workers, then international workers can not be blamed for that. Even if the extension is to be removed, it cannot be done in such a hurry. What about thousands of students who are already in the US and hoped to find a job. They were not ready for such a ruling, and this Is unfair to them since they made a life choice by coming to the US.
