I strongly support the extension and believe that the proposal can help US companies to avoid additional hiring costs. Using myself as an example - my employer has agreed to offer me a full time job relevant to the practice of Mathematics after I graduate in April. This decision was made before the change and it will be a huge loss to both myself and my employer as the program is designated to be two years. There are thousands of financial services firms, IT firms, and research programs that have extended the full time job offers prior to the ruling, and therefore it will be a huge loss to those US firms should they go through the hiring process again next year. In addition, I also want to argue that a lot of the evidence used to negate the STEM OPT Extension is more like fallacy in the other part of the labor system. First of all, about hiring international students will drive down the wages - according to the rule, employers can only hire an international citizen unless there are no suitable US candidates, and the hiring notice is required to be shown public in the firm before the decision, i.e. everyone is notified that there's no other way but fill the opening using a non-US citizen. If a firm chooses to use lower wage to discriminate candidates, then this is not allowed by the hiring process mentioned above, and should this happen, it is against the labor law and OPT extension should not be questioned to be responsible for the wrong doing. Second, STEM OPT Extension has nothing to do with limiting the opportunities of US citizen with a STEM major degree. As I mentioned above, hiring a non-US citizen is only allowed when the position has no suitable US candidate. Using the same logic, it can be indicated that in fact there is still a huge lack of STEM talents nationwide should these positions still be open. Finally, I would suggest my fellow US citizens who opposed the proposal argue in front of the right delegations to express their complaints on low wages and 