I think the OPT extension brings long term benefit for both international students and US citizens. I strongly agree to the extension. Many people oppose the extension with the argument that international students can "rob" US citizens' jobs due to this extension. The opinion is too ridiculous and so short vision.

In the free market, company hires employees because their skills that can make contributions to the company, not because what nationalities they have. US job market has critical shortage of STEM professionals, which is the reason for OPT extension for STEM majors since 2008. Without the extension, many STEM professionals need to go back to their national countries and devote their knowledge and creation to other countries. US universities spend so many years to train them, but they cannot contribute any to US just because their OPT are too short to find opportunities. For the US companies, they are facing problems to find a match person. Even if there is no foreigner in the job market, does it mean companies must high someone without the desired skills but only holding a US citizenship? I don't think it is wise. Companies will gradually lose creation if they cannot find matched and talented people, then lose competitive. What's next, they will be beaten by other international companies in the global market. Finally, many US lose jobs not limited in the STEM field! The key problem in the STEM jobs is not the nationality but the STEM talent and skill. If we just want to save couple jobs to reject talents, the long term result is losing more jobs!

The foreigners cannot "rob" jobs from US citizens who has the STEM skills, but the talented foreigners can help to create jobs for US citizens in more general fields. Even with the 24 month extension, I don't worry about those talented US STEM students to find a job. As long as they have desired skills, company highly prefer them than foreigners, because of fluent communications and no visa problems. The current s