I totally support the new OPT extension rules proposed by DHS for the F-1 students. The reason why I came to USA to continue my academic development was mainly that universities in the US provided the OPT for the foreign students and even an extension period for students who are qualified with STEM. This OPT program is provided only in the US which gives more options to the foreign students. If it does not exist, I would have rather chosen another country, for instance Canada, for my further development.

Furthermore, there are thousands of international students who are already in the OPT extension period. If it is cancelled, ALL of them would have to leave the US which might lead a unpredictable lost for the companies they are working for. Moreover, STEM OPT extension is very possible the main reason for them to choose to study in United States. 

International students have historically made significant contributions to the United States, both through the payment of tuition and other expenditures in the U.S. economy, as well as by significantly enhancing academic discourse and cultural exchange on campuses throughout the United States. In addition to these general benefits, STEM students further contribute through research, innovation, and the provision of knowledge and skills that help maintain and grow increasingly important sectors of the U.S. economy.

Foreign students, for example, regularly contribute a significant amount of money into the U.S. economy. According to statistics compiled by the Association of International Educators (NAFSA), foreign students made a net contribution of $26.8 billion to the U.S. economy in the 2013-2014 academic year. This contribution included tuition ($19.8 billion) and living expenses for self and family ($16.7 billion), after adjusting for U.S. financial support ($9.7 billion). And public colleges and universities particularly benefit from the payment of tuition by foreign students, especially in comparison to the tuition p