Dear Sir/Madam,

I am an international student at Columbia University. I am about to complete my master degree in computer science this December. Clearly, I have little expertise in public policy given my area of study. However, I would like express some of my personal opinions as an "outsider" and hope they would be of any help in the finalization process. 

1. From my understanding, the opposing argument of the STEM extension centered on the concern that international students has been increasing the competition in the U.S. job market. This has becoming a "threat" to U.S. citizens as the latter finds it difficult to be employed. This seems true, but in fact makes no sense. From my personal experience in job seeking, international students are much less favored given their immigration status. Employers prefer candidates with citizenship or permanent residency simply because they do not require sponsorship to start the job. At the same time, the cost of hiring an international student is much higher, considering the sponsorship fee and especially the risk that after a long-term training they may leave the country unwillingly due to work authorization such as failure to win the H1B lottery. This lead to the unfairness in job seeking where candidates with citizenship and permanent residency are on the much more advantageous side. International students, on the other hand, have to be exceptional for the same position.

2. Students affected by this policy are those who study science, technology, engineering, and math education. I have reasons to believe that students in these areas, regardless of immigration status, intelligent and well-educated. They think logically and believe in reasons. They are well aware that success comes from hard work and excellencies, and nothing else. They also know very well that competition drives progress. In this competitive world, U.S. has been in the leading position for almost a hundred years because a large group of intelligent engine