From the previous comments, I can see some "not solid" arguments to be against this wonderful proposal. I think these arguments only show those people's weak ability. They are afraid to be having no job just because they have lower technical ability than foreign students. 

As we all know, these STEM students are all very intelligent. The fact that they pursue their study in USA shows that they believe that USA can provide them more knowledge and they believe USA is a great country to share ideas. USA should make use of these intelligent students to make more contributions to the country. If STEM students just come and go, what can USA get? Only some tuition fee? That is far fat not enough! USA should allow them to work for several years. 

The STEM students are all around 22-25 years old. At these age period, they are at the peak of their IQ status. The 3 years in this age period can be as powerful as 10 years in the elder age period. USA can just make use of this principle, make use of their 3 years with PEAK IQ and then let them go back to their own country. This is definitely a WIN WIN situation.

As for the STEM students, they are willing to be back to the home country after some working experience in USA because these working experience can help them to find a very good job in their own country. Why will they always stay at USA without relatives and friends? Nope. 

Therefore, STEM students can make use of the "working experience at USA" and USA can make use of the "peak IQ of the STEM students". That is wonderful. Nowadays, the world is dominated by technology. STEM students are the "technology", and they are creative and smart, which can help make USA better and better.

Let's go back to the those natives who are afraid of being robbed of their jobs. Those natives must admit the fact that in this world, the ABILITY counts. If a technology company clearly knows that you are far not as smart as STEM students, why will they hire you? Even without STEM students,