As an international student who is diligent, passionate, and self-driven about work and life, I find that improving and expanding the OPT for us students is claiming that our hard work is paid off and that our future contribution to the American economy, society, and cultural diversity is recognized. Offering better training opportunities for F-1 students with STEM degrees will not do harm to the economy, but rather, attract more great minds to the country to push forwards the scientific progresses. 

Every year, tuitions paid by international students are a huge source of funding and income for universities and colleges in the United States. We need to pay much more than local students in public universities, however, we accept this unequal treatment, because we believe that the education we get and the career prospects obtained from the experience will be very beneficial. But this time, we should not be the one who suffer from the broken immigration system in the United States nor should we bear the burdens of it. We need equal opportunities to get the most out of our education just like our fellow American students. 

Today, fewer and fewer American students want to pursue degrees in the STEM field and even fewer want to pursue advanced degrees. When I talked with American students about academic life, I often heard them complain about how they hated Math, Physics, and Chemistry. This year, the average SAT Math score fell to a historical low. This is not a good trend for America. If this continues, then our international students who study STEM will have to fill in the gap and take on the responsibilities of exploring new opportunities in science and technology. Only through this way will American economy grow in the long run. 

Therefore, I, like other hundreds of thousands of international students with STEM degrees, firmly believe that improving and expanding training opportunities for us is the correct, righteous, and necessary thing to do. It will help Ameri