Chase Chen I strongly support the OPT STEM extension to 24 months. The reasons can be listed as follows:
1)As a country of immigration, the basis of the establishment of the United States is that each individual, regardless of his race and origin, has equal rights and chances to pursue his own success, while contributing to the wealth of the society. The OPT STEM program ensures that we, international students, have the right and possibility to pursue our career success in the United States and their mother countries. 
2)Many comments talked about foreign STEM students being employed with lower wages, which results in unemployment of U.S. STEM students. This is not true. The current STEM OPT program allows only e-verified employers hire qualified international STEM students, who graduate from accredited schools. The program also requires that wages offered to international STEM students be commensurate with those for U.S. STEM students with similar education backgrounds. In the new STEM OPT rules, the employer cannot terminate, lay off or furlough any full- or part-time U.S. workers, as a result of providing the STEM OPT to international students. This fully excludes the possibility of unemployment of U.S workers due to STEM OPT program. The new STEM OPT rules also require that the students submit a formalized Mentoring and Training program to DSO for admission to OPT extension, which posts higher standards of qualification for both STEM students and their employers. 
3)The OPT STEM program is a key element of earning practical experience after studying theories from universities. It keeps the U.S. education system competitive among other countries. Cutting off this program will be a major loss for the U.S. education system
4)There are a large portion of students who are in the middle of the OPT extension or by the end of their initial one-year OPT period, and being hired by e-verified companies. The cancelation of STEM extension will make these students stay in the United States illegal. This will be a disaster for many companies who rely on international STEM students, such as the IT companies at the Silicon Valley and engineering companies across the United States. 
In summary, the new STEM OPT rules is fully in compliance with the benefits of both international and U.S. STEM students. It is an improved program comparing to 2008 STEM OPT rules, not only lying in its longer and more reasonable duration, but also in its higher and stricter requirements on both STEM students and their employers. 
