This proposal should be eliminated! Workers at corps such as Disney are being fired to make way for foreign replacements, they then have to train. Watch this short ABC story and video:

https://www.numbersusa.com/news/former-disney-employees-speak-out-about-outsourcing-high-tech-jobs-h1-b-workers

A Center for Immigration Studies FOIA request revealed these facts about the current OPT program:

OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.

What happens to these people who can't find decent paying jobs? Welfare? Homelessness? Loan defaults? Increased civil unrest? As always, our society will end up footing the bill. How many different ways are we going to have to pay for this stupidity?

David North, formerly of the U.S. Labor Department stated about the OPT:

"there is no training in this program. It is just one more foreign worker program and it has nothing to do with 
students; it is for recent alien college graduates."
"U.S. employers are given a substantial bonus for hiring an alien college grad rather than an American college 
grad with the same skills and the same salary...it can be above $10,000."
"DHS, by defining a recent college grad as a student, takes both the worker and the employer out from under 
payroll taxes -- thus penalizing the Social Security and Medicare trust funds directly, and our elders indirectly."
"If the bonus given to employers for hiring a STEM graduate is worth $10,000 under the old rules, it is now 
worth $12,000, and is that much more likely to cause an employer to hire a former F-1 student than a green card 
or citizen graduate."

Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa stated in a letter to President Obama:

"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 years - the same 
amount of time that an H-1B visa would be valid - there is little doubt that the Administration has administ