Im writing this comment to support the OPT rule for F-1 nonimmigrant Students with STEM degrees. For this rule not only benefits international students, but also contributes to US growth in many ways.

Firstly, STEM students can contribute to related industries and fulfilll the shortage. According to this article(http://www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2014/09/15/the-stem-worker-shortage-is-real) published in US News, the industry is lacking professionals with STEM knowledge and the number of talent vacancy will become even larger in following years. Adecco indicates that 
By 2018, there could be 2.4 million unfilled STEM jobs. While jobs overall are expected to grow just shy of 10 percent by 2018, STEM jobs are predicted to grow by 17 percent.(quoted from this article http://www.adeccousa.com/employers/resources/Pages/infographic-stem-skills-are-driving-innovation.aspx), and STEM students can make up the shortage if the new rule supports their work status in the country. According to the statistic from this report http://wenr.wes.org/2014/03/international-student-mobility-trends-2014-the-upward-momentum-of-stem-fields/ that nearly one out of three foreign graduate students studied a STEM subject in Fall 2011 in one of the three big States in America: California, New York and Texas, that means more human resource in international students meet the market requirement for STEM talents. The OPT rule allows international talents to work and fulfill the market needs so I support rule.

Secondly, there are many opposite comments against the rule say international students are taking away the jobs from citizens so as to harm their benefits if the OPT support non-natives work status. Im against those comments. I believe rationally that a job offer depends on a candidates ability not nationality, its the fairness and objectivity attract people with real skill and dedicate to the growth of technology. Besides, the job market for international students is not as big as it is kn