I strongly support the reinstituting USICE Proposed Rule. This is not only beneficial for STEM students, but also great for U.S. economics and U.S. companies. I have several reasons to support my views.

Those talented international STEM students work in a lot of U.S. companies. It will be a great loss for U.S. companies if these students have to leave U.S. since they have to spend a lot of time and money hiring new good employees. Additionally, it also takes so much time for new hires getting used to new work. So the new proposed rule will avoid U.S. companies' loss in talented people.

U.S. companies hiring international STEM students will lose competency if these students were forced to leave U.S.. As we know, U.S. companies are doing a lot of business internationally. If these STEM students came back to their countries and worked in their companies, they will contribute a lot to their homeland using the advanced technologies learned in U.S. This will definitely impact U.S. companies' competency. The more worse is that it will harm U.S. economy since these U.S. companies contribute to U.S. economy.

These talented U.S. students working in U.S companies created more job opportunities, which can provide more job positions to U.S. citizens. Therefore, it's ridiculous that hiring international STEM students can reduce the probability of getting jobs for U.S. citizens. Additionally, international STEM students can improve the diversity of U.S. a lot. That's one of reasons why U.S. is still leading the world.

Last but not least, during past five years, more and more foreign students are coming to U.S. because they can stay working in U.S. for another 17 months after the first year' OPT ends. However, canceling the OPT extension policy will definitely harm their willingness to come to U.S. As we know, international students bring a lot of funding to U.S. colleges and relieve their funding crisis.

In conclusion, the new USICE Proposed Rule will definitely be beneficial