STEM extension is actually a double win for U.S. citizen and international students, for several reasons:

1. STEM extension brings more competition, which actually means better product quality in those areas. Take computer science as example, companies like Microsoft, Apple and Google hire thousands of international students every year. And they are all in their way to bring more stunning technologies to us. Those companies hire international students not because they have STEM extension, but their perfect performance after strict interview process. Without STEM extension, those companies will have less choice on who to hire and will definitely impact the overall product quality. 

2. STEM extension brings more job opportunity. Yes, STEM extension will not reduce the number of jobs available in the market, but on the contrary, increase it. For most students, the best job we can get is an entry level job. As there are more and more entry level employees, companies will need more higher level employees to manage them, more culinary staff, more logistic staff. Further, as the company grows, it will definitely influence the society, and mostly, positively. Which will increase whole profit in society and thus create more job opportunities. 

3. STEM Extension brings diversity. This could be the most apparent one. Without those international students, new employees could probably only be citizens or green card holders. Although America have a great diversity of human race and culture, she can't stop absorbing new stuff. As far as I know, international students are mostly China and Indian students, and most of them are here in U.S. for the first time. Unlike ABCs(America Borne Chinese), those Chinese student general don't speak English very well but knows original Chinese culture very well. And Chinese culture in U.S. is actually highly Americanized and lost its original beauty, those Chinese students will probably be the ones to bring authentic culture to America.

Overa