The OPT program is utterly nonsensical, revised or not. 

1. I am a U.S. citizen and have a BA Physics and BS EE and so far a 30 yr career. In that time my opportunities have been curtailed by foreign worker visa programs. I have standing to bring suit against the know-nothing government, but not the standing required and it would be a waste of time. 

2. I just spent $4,700 of my own money for practical training because the State programs (Workforce Dev. & WOIA) are utterly useless for that purpose. My training was to shift my skills to an in-demand area that I have some experience in. The OPT program should be directed at U.S. citizens only. What part of this is too logical to understand? 

3. You have ample evidence of the insanity of the immigration reality in all respects, including findings on OPT from other commenters. I have a few below.... You can see that the White House simply ignores negative findings about the program and doesn't respond to Congress. 

______ Supporting facts ______

Professor Norm Matloff, UC Davis:

If the U.S. indeed "needs" the foreign students to remedy a STEM labor shortage, why do these students need training?

If workers with such training are indeed needed, why won't these special mentoring programs be open to Americans?

----
Ian Smith of the Immigration Reform Law Institute:

"Like other employment-visa programs, OPT works to lower the wages and living standards of a growing portion of the middle class."

"Although tech workers' wages have been flat for years and thousands of American STEM grads are out of work, tech executives and shareholders are rolling in money."

----
Daniel Costa, of the Economic Policy Institute:

the worker protections included in the new rule "are so vague and deferential to employers that they will be virtually unenforceable in practice in any meaningful way."

----
The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they ret