I strongly support OPT STEM extension to 24 months. I graduate from Columbia University. I was in the engineering school. I am now hired and working with the status of OPT. I am very clear how OPT benefits me and my company, broadly the technology industries, my schools and even USA economics. 

International students are contributing significantly to the technology industries. We graduated from top universities and colleges and have abilities and capabilities to perform well and work diligently on the positions. Great leaderships, such as CEO of Google, Sundar Pichai and CEO of Microsoft, Satya Narayana Nadella, CEO of PepsiCo and CEO of MasterCard, are leads people changing the world, making a better day for all of us. They were all on the same road as current international students, we are. Today, we, like them, need OPT extensions to become great people. We all believe in America. America gives opportunities for people from different races and countries, to make it more beautiful, more comfortable and advanced on the top of world not only in technologies but also globalization. 

OPT and OPT STEM extensions can certainly benefit colleges and universities. There are hundreds of thousands of international students in USA. The tuitions and living costs is a significant amount of money to schools. 50 thousand dollars tuition and living cost is an understatement for each student each year, not saying cost spending before coming to USA, such as taking tests, applications and transportations. It is beneficial to school and the country. I would say studying in USA is much more difficult than in other counties, in terms of spending and academic requirements. But why we do that? Apart from schools are famous, but OPT provides the opportunities for enrich our working experience aboard, full-time or internships. In fact, compared with native students, we are much harder to find a job. Our application fields are really narrowed. On the other hand, many famous professors were