here is the overall impact for people making noise to simply cut the opt immigration system all together -

The root of the problem is , OPT program is meant for retaining the highest , brightest and smartest people in the country , they are talents , talents that run this country. Company never wants to hire us ,they are eventually bound to , priority is always and always given to the american people but the problem is american population is no where close to the skills set and talent what these small and large scale companies are looking for , that being said the smarter section of american population , even the mediocre one gets the job easily. Here is quote from CEO of a tech company - 

"You hire a person, who is extremely well educated, and you get them to come work for you, and you have a 70% chance that they're not going to be able to stay," von Ahn told me. "It's terrible, because even if you hire super smart people, it takes a couple months to train them. They don't start becoming very useful to the company until about six monthsand then they have to leave."

If the STEM extension isn't reinstated, he said, "we're probably going to lose two employees who were really hard to hire," a big problem for a small company like Duolingo with only 50 employees. "All these extremely well-educated people are probably going to go to some other country and make that country better."

Von Ahn said he'd much prefer hiring a U.S. citizen or someone who already has a job permit because it's simpler and cheaper. But "we have to hire [international students] because we can't find anyone who's as good as they are," he said. "Sometimes they're the best of the best, literally, in the world." 

Now to prove this further let me post the job requirements of a xyz electrical company and compare that with the resume of a highly qualified stem worker ( immigrant Vs a local worker) 

Job Responsibilities

Under the direct supervision of a Senior Engineers and Project Managers, this can