I support the proposed titled "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and CapGap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students". In particular, I strongly agree with the following provisions of the proposed rule:

1.Increasing the total period of the OPT STEM extension to 24 months. Students on a STEM extension are usually hired in specialty occupations. Training a new employee and entrusting them with responsibilities takes a substantial amount of time. If students are to contribute and gain real experience, a longer time period is necessary, and 24 months is appropriate to make a substantial impact, and kickstart a student's career.
2.The safeguards for US workers, and prevailing wage requirements alleviate concerns of STEM OPT students taking over jobs that would otherwise be obtained by US workers.
3.The mentoring and training plan requirements ensures that students will actually be employed by an employer that can provide the required guidance, training, and mentoring that they need during their early career phase.
4.The additional STEM extension is welcome news for students who are interested in working for a few years to gain practical experience before going back to school. The single OPT STEM extension per lifetime rule was overly restrictive, especially since many students go back to earn a higher degree level, and continue to contribute to the industry.
5.School accreditation and site visits are crucial to ensure that students don't simply enroll in unaccredited schools with lax enrollment guidelines for the sole objective of obtaining work authorization.
6.Increasing the allowed period of unemployment to 150 days is a welcome relief, since the job search process is extremely stressful, unpredictable, and time consuming.

This rule provides substantial economic, academic, and cultural benefits to the United States, as specified in section IV. C. of the proposed rule. As stated in section IV. C. 2, it is impor