I strongly support this rule. Here are the reasons:

1. Immigrants contribute to this country a lot. Especially highly educated and highly skilled ones. Some icon American companies were found by immigrants, such as Google, Atnt, etc. And they create hundreds of thousands of jobs in the states.

2. Extend STEM OPT will attract more international students to come and study in the states. The tuitions for international students are normally 3-4 times of the tuitions for in-state students. This contributes a lot to our economy. Plus, international students are only allowed to work part time on campus. Which means, most of the international students do not have chance to make money, therefore, they will only spend money during their entire stay in the states. In addition, with the travelling visa extended to 10 years. The family members of international students also tend to come to the states for vacations and controbute to US GDP.

3. Technology firms relies strongly on international students, if the STEM OPT rule were to be cancelled, they will loose a great amount of excellent employees in a very short preiod of time. Which will definitely impact US economy.

4. There's no way that STEM international students are "stealing" jobs. It is extremely difficult for international students to get a job here. Most of the companies won't hire them by simply not sponsoring working visa. They normally dont even have any interview opportunities unless they send out hundreds of resumes while American STEM students have jobs interviews linded up for them without even trying. 

5. The company will only hire internationals when they cannot find qualified local workers to fill the positions. And kicking out the STEM OPT international students will force the companies to hire unqualified employees. This will definitely slow down the technology firms from growing.

Thus, extend the OPT STEM has multiple benefits to the US economy and development, while canceling the rule will habe a ba