I strongly support the extension of OPT!!
OPT is a great opportunity for international student to work in the US after graduation. I am surprised that some US-born Americans are against this rule. Many of the people who against this rule are not clear about what they are talking about. Some of the comments here are completely out of logic. I would like to argue them one by one:

1). Some people claim that international employees don't pay for their taxes. WRONG!! According to the regulations from the IRS, international employees are paying the same amount of taxes as native. However, they don't benefit as much as the US citizens. For example, a lot of international employees pay social security taxes, but a lot of them leave the country after working here for a few years. And they won't be able to get refund on this portion of taxes even if they will not be benefited from SST they pay after they retire.

2). Some people claim that international employees will be threat to the US citizens in job market. WRONG!! To work in the US, there are a lot of restriction for non-US citizens. It is true that in some fields such as IT and engineering, a lot of employees are foreigners. However, the reason of this is because a lot of the US citizens are not willing to study science and engineering. The IT companies are expanding so quickly these years so that they won't be able hire enough US citizens to fulfill the companies' requirement. Fresh graduate international students take these positions and make their contribution to the development of the IT and engineering industry of the US. With the restriction of OPT, it is extremely difficult for these students to enter other industry if they are not in the related major.

3). some people claim that international students take salary lower than the minimum wage to compete with US citizens unequally. WRONG!! For most international students, they work with LEGAL companies and pay their taxes. Their salary are definitely higher than 