I strongly support this rule. I got my Master's Degree in Computer Science from UC Davis and am currently working for SAP America. The extended OPT rule will benefit not only international students, but also Americans and US employers.

For international students including me, OPT serves as an essential factor in attracting us to study in the United States. One of the reasons why I chose to pursue a higher degree in US was because I know I will have many opportunities to enhance my skills in the industry after graduation. The extended OPT, which allows us to work in US for a total of 3 years, will actually give us a pass to participating in interesting projects that often last 2 or 3 years in the field of Computer Science. If I cannot be guaranteed that I will have these experiences, I would prefer go to academic organizations in other countries which are positive to the benefits of international students. 

If this rule will be in effect, however, incoming international students will also bring job opportunities for Americans. With the growing number of young people around universities, the businesses in the surrounding areas will have a better chance to increase their turnover and will need to hire new people in response to the increasing number of customers. It is also possible that this will force the foundation of some brand new kinds of businesses who will be focusing on the needs of international students. New industries will bring much more job openings to Americans with no doubts.

Besides, US employers will also benefit a lot from this rule. For instance in my field, tech companies are eager to bring fresh blood into their production or research team. Given the lack of native workers in the field of Computer Science, talented international students are the perfect candidates and they will bring new ideas and energy, which is incredibly helpful to the whole tech atmosphere in US as what i can see.

Thus, I would strongly expect that this rule be approved an