This is an excellent proposal, benefiting not only international prospective employees but also companies and US society. 

For decades, innovators and entrepreneurs from Silicon Valley to east economic centers have fueled US dynamic growth and established our country as a global hub for innovation. To maintain US position as a leading innovation-driven economy in the 21st century, our employees must be equipped with the skills and experiences that will prepare them to be leaders in our countrys robust economy and diverse, complex society. Many of the worlds most innovative and valuable companies started and are located in USA. At their core, these companies are world leaders due to their ability to harness science, technology, engineering and math to drive innovation.

Simply put, our students are not graduating from public schools equipped and prepared to continue on to higher education STEM programs or to enter the STEM workforce. Currently, there are more job openings in STEM fields than qualified STEM job seekers. This gap must be closed if USA is to retain its position as a world leader in STEM innovation, particularly in light of estimates that project the number of STEM jobs to grow by 19 percent over the next decade, nearly twice the rate of non-STEM jobs.

But in contrast, our talents reserve is insufficient to satisfy such great demand and increase. The fact is we have dedicated to stressing our STEM education, but the achievement is still trivial. It is not just a simple problem to stress STEM education and cultivate more qualified American youngsters. American education system focus on creativity, problem-solving, logistic and critical thinking, which allows a great extend of flexibility and freedom. That's why we have the most top universities and the most talents output in the world. Currently, our education system is already mature and not necessary to emphasize STEM more. And we'd better not mimic Asian education with stressing memorization, test-ta