Sue Robinson Dear Madam and Sirs:
This proposed rule expanding OPT will harm American STEM workers. It helps greedy multinational corporations at the expense of our children and grandchildren, our brothers and sisters, our husbands and wives. There is NO Shortage of STEM workers in the United States. There instead is a drastic shortage of corporations like Apple and Microsoft who are willing to hire American workers, pay Social Security and Medicare taxes on their behalf, and pay them decent salaries. In my region - the Pacific Northwest - Microsoft routinely fires STEM workers and replaces them with cheap labor via OPT and the HIB visa program. They then house these foreign workers in dormitories. Our country cannot afford to discard American workers in favor of cheap foreign labor just because these damned corporations have bought politicians and our political system. It is a disgrace and this proposed rule would make a bad situation even worse. Shame on all of you who are trying to shove this dastardly rule through!

According to the Center for Immigration Studies, the current OPT program denied more than 430,000 jobs to young Americans between 2009 to 2013. This stupid corporate welfare program also cost our Social Security and Medicare system more than Four Billion Dollars during that period. That is a travesty.

Here's what I think you should do. Open all DHS jobs - including yours - to foreign students and foreign workers. All of you can then go to work for Wal-Mart and move back into mom and dad's basement! That is exactly what you are doing to young and older Americans. If you like this b.s. so much, subject yourselves to it. Oh Wait. You will not do that, will you!

My grandson is a STEM student right now at the University of Washington. He is - in his sophomore year - an honor student taking calculus and physics. Do you want to tell him and our family his efforts are worthless because you are going to make sure the job he might have had will instead be given to a cheap foreign laborer by his own government? Shame on you for proposing this rule. 

Do the Right Thing. Pull this proposal. Reduce the OPT program and start being an advocate for our own children and grandchildren. 

Very Disrespectfully Yours,
Sue Robinson
306 N. Sunset Drive
Camano Island, WA 98282
