I SUPPORT this proposal very much based on the following reasons:
(1)The United States of America is known as a great nation embracing diversity,proficiency,freedom as well as equal opportunity, which is the reason why numerous foreign young people come to America to chase their dreams, the dreams they cannot fulfill in other society or system.
(2) It is true that other countries such as UK, Canada, Australia as well as other European countries have more flexible policies for international nonimmigrant students, and a lot of young people vacillate between offer options. What make America these people's destination is the great possibility of putting what they've learned into practical use as well as a diverse living environment. Think about this from the other side of the coin, if America doesn't have such merits, if we are poor and full of discrimination against outsiders, who would like to devote their youth, money and energy here just for foreign "experience"? The wisdom of acceptance and making fully use of its own advantageous international position is what makes a government competent, meanwhile makes this country promising and rich.
(3)In the present trend of fierce competition of employment, it takes several months for a NCG with Master or PhD to find a job. It would be a loss both for the person and the company if the new hired employee failed to get H1B visa before the termination of OPT period. First of all, the company spend weeks screening CVs and months interviewing probable candidates and finally send out an offer to a graduate student whom the company is looking forward to help make some contribution and profit. Secondly, nonimmigrant students strive their way to learn advanced technologies and get degrees from American university, and American society have contribute a lot for the high-level education for all students. It is reasonable to have them work for American companies and make money then pay taxes to American government. Otherwise both the e