I totally support the expansion for F-1 Nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees. Reasons are listed as below.

1. Students with STEM degrees are usually engaged in positions or industries that are more technical , the subject of which most American people don't really want to devote themselves into, such as computer programming, mathematics, physics, engineering. Things need to be done, and these students barely affect the employment of American people because of the citizenship restraints. For almost every company owned by American people or American Companies, if a position can be filed with a citizen, what's the odd that the company will choose a foreign student over the citizen? Very low, because of so many risks, the money and time for sponsorship, if they choose the foreign student, there's too much to worried about. So, do students with STEM degrees really affect American students' employment opportunity? No, they are actually filling up positions that no Americans would like to do. 

2. STEM regulation is the main reason why so many students from oversea come here, stimulating economy and making contribution to development of technology and academy. If the regulation fails, there will be much less people come to US to study, live or spend their money. Is this what we wanted for US? The effect of foreign people with talents dropping out will emerge in a few years, and this effect would do harm to the development of United States. Suppose you have a small business, like a small restaurant, a repair shop, or a bike rental store, do you or do you not want more people to do business with you? Are the stem students really hurting American people's interest? No! They are really helping!

3. There are so many outstanding people in this country, who are the leaders, professionals, and experts in their business, academic circle, fields, or industries and who are not originally American citizens, but they are devoting their power to make America a better country. STEM 