Dear officer,
I absolutely support the OPT extension proposal. It will not only allow many well-educated engineer to work for companies in USA which can highly support the development for high-tech industry, but also provide sufficient working experience for international students to let them better pursue jobs in their own countries. 

International students have many choices for further their study such as Europe, Canada, Japan and so on. And actually, a lot of students have already chosen other countries, especially German and British. Take my major as an example, Europe has already exceeded United States over 4G communication(and very likely in 5G). Almost everyone using LTE (from Europe) rather Wimax (from USA). But the reason I chose America to further study is because the OPT policy and OPT extension policy. Technology is important, but to find a better job in my country, industry experience is even more essential. If OPT extension is canceled, considerable potential students will change their mind resulting in huge amounts of economy lost in the future:
1. Majority of the international students spent money here in United States. They paid not only for tuition fees but also for living expenses including house/apt rent, vehicle purchase and etc. This has helped greatly for the economy in United States. Students rented house from American people, bought cars from American dealers, paid tuition for American Universities. Losing international students will cause huge shock, firstly, on the education institutions then expands to the whole area nearby. 
2. The culture of United States is integrating. It accepted talent people from all over the world to study and work together which brought up the development for America. Silicon Valley is a good example. Great companies started here, different talents came here and brought thousands of amazing ideas which led the innovation of science and technologies for decades. If the OPT extension is canceled, fewer and fewer w