I write in support of this proposed rule by the DHS.

I once worked in one of the major software companies on the West Coast, and I witnessed how people from STEM backgrounds were creating value for the company, and for the nation on a larger scale, regardless of nationality and ethnicity. Among them were F-1 students who could only work legally via CPT/OPT, and new H-1B employees who once worked under F-1 OPT while waiting for their H-1B lottery.

The proposed OPT extension rule is beneficial to American economy in many ways.

Firstly, by granting OPT extension to qualified STEM students, we will be able to retain the most clever minds more easily. These people are crucial to the high-tech sector which accounts for an increasing proportion of our economy. Forcing them to leave America too soon would discourage companies from hiring them, and more importantly would send an unpleasant message to future international STEM students that America does not like them. Two consequences might follow: 1) students go back to their home country like China, and help our competitors grow; 2) American companies like Google shift their brain-intensive offices to more immigrant-friendly countries outside the US. Both scenarios are detrimental to our high-tech sector.

Secondly, STEM students who choose to stay in America tends to have higher-than-average income, and thus spend more, which boosts other parts of the economy as well. Consumption is the engine of our economy, and with more money spent on cars, electronics, dining, clothing, entertainments, etc., more jobs will be created for Americans. Being aliens, they also contribute to the government by paying tax just as ordinary Americans do.

Thirdly, such a proposal helps our education stay competitive compared with other major education "exporters" like Britain and Australia. Students actually contribute a lot to our economy as most of them will have to pay full international tuition (even for state universities) and living exp