I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

For me, I was an international student who pursued an STEM degree in Compute Science in a very well-known top university in US and I have graduated in 2014 with master degree in the field of software engineering. Right now I'm working as full time software development engineer in Google on my OPT period. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes.

I strongly propose the new OPT rule extending the training opportunity of F-1 Nonimmigrant students with STEM degree with the following reasons.

The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Graduates

We know that the STEM extension rule is to provide extensive opportunity for training and expanding their technical skills in industry and this is very essential for integration the knowledge they learned in their university with practical on-hands experience. This is not only beneficial for our STEM graduates but all the US top educational institutes as well. Education is not just telling you the knowledge but let you get well benefits in actual projects. That's why this rule can keep the US high level education so attractive and competitive all over the world. I remember that when I decided to study aboard and wonder which country or university I should go, having the practical training in industry was a very important factor I had considered.

The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM 