The OPT extension helps us international students to achieve our dreams. We are not stealing jobs from US citizens. In US everyone are treated the same way and everyone is given an equal opportunity. Everyone has an option to do a Master's degree or PhD. We international students, come to US to chase our life goals and we do Master's or PhD basing on ones own interest. At the same time US citizens are not restricted or denied from doing Master's or PhD. When it comes to jobs, not only in US but also anywhere else in the world, a person with a higher degree is by default considered for any job position because of their better understanding of the subject over the other person. Such is the case that is happening here. When some random international student finishes a Master's degree, he/she would be obviously chosen for a job role over some one who has not done an equivalent degree. How can that be termed as stealing jobs. Thinking in the perspective of an employer, if an employer hires a person with Master's degree for a certain job role, they may require little training or no training at all to get the job done. At the same time when the same job is offered to someone without Master's degree might require more training and investment. So the employer would not wish to loose time and money and therefore he prefers to hire someone with a higher degree. That is what exactly is happening right now. When there is no supply of Master's graduates or PhD's, obviously international students who are pursing those degrees would be preferred.

Now coming to the OPT extension part. We know American Dollar is higher than most of the other currencies around the world. For us the international students, we loan our properties back home to chase our dreams of doing a Master's degree or PhD from some world renowned universities in US. OPT here help us to work in the US for a certain period of time and earn some money so we can repay our debts and go back home. We do not want to spend