I strongly support the rule to improve and expand training opportunities for F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees and cap-gap relief for all eligible F-1 students. 

I am an international student currently on my OPT visa, and a recent graduate from Stanford Engineering, right now working in the technology industry in the United States. There are several reasons of why I believe OPT extension is important and beneficial for US society. 

Firstly, the practical training opportunities are what make the United States academic institutions more desirable for a foreign student. There's a traditional saying in China says learn in order to practise. I came to Stanford not only because of the opportunity to learn the knowledge from the world-class professors, but also practise what I would have learnt in a professional setting and solve real world problems. The OPT extension rule provide me exactly the opportunity to have industry immersion in the US. Without proper OPT rules I would have chosen other countries or regions for my graduate work. This is not only me, but also most if not all my classmates from my college that chose to study abroad, that chose the US instead of other countries because of the opportunities to have a reasonable training period after graduation. 

Secondly, the practical training opportunities have given those innovative companies in the US, especially here in the Silicon Valley, like Google, Apple, Facebook, LinkedIn, Uber, etc. great sources of talents. I can hardly imagine how these companies and other startups will suffer from the loss of STEM talents. 

Thirdly, I want to add on why the extension is necessary and important beyond the 12 month OPT program. Based on my experience, most projects in either academic institution or at a company would take more than 1 years to develop and complete to have a real impact on society or economy. If the training program is limited to only 12 month, many projects will face frequent turnover and lead