I support the proposed rule.

First, scientists, engineers, analysts and technicians from foreign nations really have made great contribution to this country and this proposal will benefit those who hope to devote there intellect and efforts to the States. Actually it is really not necessary to repeat again and again how much contribution has been made by foreign expert. In academic field, as my personal experience, I was taught by faculty originally from Italy, Germany, Japan, China and India when I was pursuing my degree in graduate school. And in industrial field, when I started working in Department of Transportation, my direct supervisor is originally from India, and the engineer sits beside me is a Hongkongese. In Silicon Valley, the engine of Information technology revolution, it is not surprising to find Asian faces working hard in the office of Google, Microsoft, Facebook, etc. In fact, the convenience of our life now is largely owed to the efforts of these foreign experts. And they do not occupy more social recourse than others, while the social wealth they created is much more than most of the labors. From any aspects I did not see the reason not to offer them a platform for them to use the knowledge they learnt here.

And on the other hand, this proposal will not, as those who oppose to it believe, lead to the problems of employment of native workers. Since effect of this proposed rule mainly covers foreigners with higher science and technology education degree not only undergraduate but also those who has earned their Master and PhD. No matter for what country, these people are scarce resources and they always working in the positions which are not replaceable. The absolute number of this proposals target people and the position these people working on decide that they should not be responsible for the unemployment issue due to the outflow of low-end industry and occupation of low-end industry caused by immigrants lack of education.

Finally, United Sta