I think it's a very good rule and it should be put into effect. I read some of the opponents' comments and I found almost all of their comments make NO sense at all. Now I will refute some opponents' opinions and prove those opponents to this rule are deadly wrong.

1. Some people claim that many US students cannot find jobs in their dream companies while many of those positions in their dream companies are taken by international students. It might be true but it doesn't mean anything, because companies have their own requirements when hiring new employees. Their requirements are much more strict than graduation requirements. For example, Yahoo requires that all applicants must have a GPA of higher than 3.5 and Oracle requires a GPA of higher than 3.8, while graduation in most colleges only requires 2.0. Of course there must be many US students with low GPAs who cannot find jobs, while companies are still in shortage of US students with GPA of 3.5+. On the other hand, because US universities favor US students over international students in admission process so the admitted pools of international students are generally better than US students. In colleges, the admission rate of international students is much lower than that of US students. This discrimination policy will have an effect on the college study. The GPAs of US students are evenly distributed between 2.0 and 4.0, while almost all international students get GPA of 3.5+. Most students with a GPA of 4.0 are international. It's apparent that when competing for jobs, international students are in a advantage. However, if a US students is able to get a GPA of 4.0, companies will welcome him MUCH MORE THAN they do to international students and give a salary higher than international students with the same GPAs, because there aren't many US students with that GPA, and most students with that GPA are international. It means smart US students are still in high demand, AS LONG AS they are qualified and pass the compa