Part V

10. The Proposed Rule ignores the impact on American workers and "STEM" graduates. 

DHS predicts the number of non-student aliens working on student visas will be greater than the H-1B quotas. DHS has given no consideration in the rule about the effect this huge volume of foreign labor will have on the job market. The term "law of supply and demand" is not to be found anywhere in the proposed rule. Currently half of American graduates in "STEM" fields cannot find jobs in "STEM" fields after graduation. This rule makes it even harder for American graduates to find jobs and DHS has given no consideration to that factor. 

A number of the commenters have noted the problem American workers have finding jobs in STEM fields. E.g. ICEB-2015-0002-3470, ICEB-2015-0002-5532, ICEB-2015-0002-5528, ICEB-2015-0002-5619.

11. The allowance of unemployment on OPT is inconsistent with education and protections for U.S. workers.

An unemployed worker is not a student and is not engaged in a training program. Non-student aliens should not be allowed to be unemployed and unsupervised while on student visas.

12. DHS cannot justify the increased duration of OPT.

DHS states the need for non-student aliens to engage in "meaningful" projects to justify the new 3-year+ duration of OPT. The only support it has for term is NSF research grants. Yet, DHS has no information on how many OPT workers end up working under such grants. 

"DHS requests public comment regarding the length of research, development, testing and other projects for which STEM graduates (regardless of nationality) from U.S. universities are typically assigned in the workplace."

DHS should have solicited that information BEFORE deciding on the 36-month+ OPT term, rather than asking for an after-the-fact justification for a decision it has already made. My first significant software development project after college lasted one year. 

The average time a new graduate stays at a first job is only 18 months. A three-y