I STRONGLY SUPPORT this proposal. Got some news about canceling OPT extension for F1 and felt so bad about this decision. It's an exciting news to see this proposal.

First, it is one of significant reasons to choose United States for overseas education, not others. I'm a F-1 student, and I made a choice to study here for 2 reasons: education in US is outstanding all over the world; and it cares about hands-on experience a lot in a program. Because of OPT and OPT extension, international students, in STEM related fields, have enough time to gain their experience with academic knowledge. Say there's no OPT extension, international students only get 1-year to work in their major related fields, which will not seem appealing any more. As a result, people tend to study in other countries, not here. As we know, tuition of international students is several times higher than natives fee. In this scenario, the number of international students drops dramatically, which will bring significant decrease on education income even on entire American economy.

It speeds up development of relative fields(such as technology) in U.S with the help of OPT extension. Many companies(Google, Apple, Facebook, etc) needs STEM majored students to make contribution to products. For international students, they need valid visa to work in U.S. If theres no OPT extension, international employees can only stay here with H1B(We all know that it is pretty hard to get visa lottery selected). Those employees have to leave if they dont get H1B so that itll cause the shortage of staff. To handle the issue, companies need more people to cover those positions, but it is not a good alternative: first, it is hard to hire people without sacrificing hiring bars, secondly, it takes time to ramp up for new employees. The similar thing will happen next year. Someone will propose that its not a problem if they dont hire f1. However, it is a terrible suggest: company only cares about if a person is a good fit, rat