It is a great policy to offer international students career training opportunities here in the U.S. There is no logic behind the idea that international students will take over citizens' jobs.

There is no doubt that STEM fields are the most promising fields. They generate production power. They make our world a better place. Every major country sees them as a strategic area to develop, including China, India and Japan. As far as I know, a Chinese university has this project that tries to attract our students' from Johns Hopkins University to make contributions to its academia and policy-making (http://krieger.jhu.edu/chinastem/about-2/). Why would America makes efforts to push these STEM international intelligences away while China is trying to steal them from us?

Now that we understand there is both urgency and necessity to value STEM areas, are we doing it well?

No, because there is a STEM worker shortage in this country, rather than a surplus. I quote this from U.S. News, "this phenomenon using a rich database with millions of vacancies posted on company websites compiled by Burning Glass, a labor market analytics firm. There are some 40,000 computer science bachelors degree earners each year but roughly 4 million job vacancies for computer workers. In all, the median duration of advertising for STEM vacancies is more than twice that of those in other fields." (http://www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2014/09/15/the-stem-worker-shortage-is-real). There is a fundamental reason of this --- the current American education system does not provide the country with sufficient high-tech workers. We are so sorry to see that native American students rank 35 and 28 on mathematics and sciences respectively among the world, while students from Asian countries and European countries standing on the top. Notice that a) mathematics and sciences are the keystone of the whole STEM construction; b) Asia and Europe are the two major international student inflows to the States. Agai