In general I agree that a student visa allowing work is a good thing. It is in the best interest of both the US and of foreign students to provide an opportunity for students to work part time in their field, and to work in the US full time after graduation.

I take exception to 
V. Discussion of Elements of the STEM OPT Extension
G. Safeguarding U.S. Workers Through Measures Consistent With Labor Market Protections

It states: "the STEM labor shortage described in the 2008 IFR was well documented". (Ok, technically it says that "many commenters noted that", but the document seems to accept that claim without reservation.) Some businesses *claim* that there is a STEM labor shortage in the US, but hiring practices and STEM graduate unemployment belie that assertion. In fact, there is a shortage of businesses willing to pay prevailing wages and to train their existing workers on new techniques. Said businesses seek foreign laborers that will accept lower wages, and will be unable to complain about poor conditions because they are tied to the business by the conditions of their visa.

I would say that adequate safeguards for US workers require at least these 2 provisions:
1) Workers need to be able to change jobs at will, and accept that there may be periods of unemployment. As long as the person is seeking work and able to support themself then they should be able to stay for up to their visa length. 
2) Companies hiring workers on a temporary visa need to pay them at least as much as they currently pay a US worker in a similar position, or at least 1% above the prevailing wage for that job in that geographic region, whichever is greater.

Note that I refer to "workers", not "students". These conditions are minimum safeguards for US workers for ANY term limited work visa, be it F-1, H-1B, or whatever. Changing the status of aliens from effectively an indentured servant to a valued worker will do more to protect both the US and the alien worker than any number of attes