
Mis. Jyothi

U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement

Re: Comments on Proposed Rule: Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students

80 Fed. Reg. 63375 (October 19, 2015)

Docket ID: ICEB-2015-0002

Dear Chief Westerlund:

I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students," published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

As an international student in the United States, I was glad to see the proposed rule for re instituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Graduates

The proposal to re institute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. This experiential learning will allow me to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in a professional setting. STEM graduates like me should be given more opportunity to gain valuable applied experience and make connections in professional fields they are considering for career paths. The additional OPT time will provide me with more broad exposure to industries and organizations to aid in personally developing and exploring career possibilities as well as creating a professional network. These benefits also will encourage future international students to join STEM programs in the U.S. and allow U.S. companies to remain competitive globally.

The Duration of the STEM Extension Should be 24 Months

In order to be a meaningful learning experience, a 24-month extension combined with the initial 12 month OPT period is the appropriate duration t