The proposed rule effectively "requires employers and universities to engage in unlawful immigration status discrimination."
"The rule requires these organizations to set up mentoring programs for foreign graduates to work under OPT. However, there is no requirement that American graduates receive the same benefit.

Not only does the DHS's plan ensure that foreign-born graduates will be taking jobs that American college students desperately need, it also categorizes the foreign-born employees in such a way that exempts them from payroll taxes."
"a 2013 study from the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute found that there are plenty of American workers with and without degrees who are qualified to fill STEM jobs in IT sectors.
Encouraging foreign-born STEM graduates to spend more time in the U.S. has one major impact, the EPI study found: wage suppression in tech-related fields.

Companies don't want to hire Americans and they abuse {H-1B} and OPT to hire cheap immobile labor instead of hiring anyone over the age of 35, especially in software or tech areas.

In Short By Definition There Are No Similarly Situated U.S.Workers Ensuring That No One Will Meet This Definition So The Employer Can Never Be Liable For Replacing Any U.S. Worker.

This Regulation is designed to leave the U.S. worker unprotected because by definition there are no Similarly situated U.S. workers thus, giving the employer an excuse/alibi to replace all U.S. workers with imported foreign student.

It Is Noted That The Regulation Does Not Refute That The U.S. Has Plenty Of Home Grown Scholars And Stem Students.

The Regulation has no plan (and no idea) how to require the employer to report and prove that it is not replacing U.S. workers with the imported foreign student. Instead, the Regulation leaves it to the imagination of the employer DHS anticipates that employers have the imagination to show compliance through a variety of existing real-world practices. Of course, the ambiguous language is in