I strongly support the expanding of the OPT program. 
Foreign students are not taking jobs away from the US citizens, and this is one of the very few ways to maintain a legal status in the country after obtaining a Bachelors', Master's or Phd degree from a U.S college. 
For most of the jobs in the U.S, companies simply do not provide any sponsorship to the students, and the international students are not even considered for the jobs to begin with. And for the limited spots of the highly technical jobs, where the talents are harder to find, international students go though the same process as the U.S citizens. 
Landing a highly technical job is merit-based, and for any decent respectable jobs, the international students receive standard pays, just like everyone else. 
Quite honestly, after years of rigorous engineering training and hard work, most international students are not willing to take any underpaid jobs, because it is a slap on our own faces, and simply demeaning.
People fear immigration and competition, saying that immigrants will take the good jobs away from the citizens. 
But in reality, it is the lack of competition that is detrimental to the society, it slows down innovation and productivity. 
According to Forbes, 40% of the largest US companies are founded by immigrants or their children. Instead of taking jobs away from the citizens, immigrants are able to create more job opportunities for the country. 
People tend to fear anything that's different than their own. Xenophobia is a common sentiment in many cultures and countries. But American has been a country built by immigrants, and it takes great pride in its diversity. And the American Dream is never about complaining about how others will take away your resources, but about working hard and creating your own opportunities. 
An individual should not be evaluated by where he is from, what his backgrounds is, what he looks like. He should be valued based on his talent, capability, ambition, and kindn