I fully support the proposed rule to improve and expand training opportunities for F-1 STEM students, for two major reasons. On the one hand, it helps to alleviate the ongoing shortage of high-skilled workers in STEM fields. On the other hand, it DOES NOT compromise the employment opportunities of U.S. citizens. 

1.Studies show that there is a shortage of workforce in STEM fields, and the OPT STEM extension allows more F-1 students to contribute to the workforce and thus alleviate the shortage.

1) A 2012 report by President's Council of Advisors on Science and Technology found that there is a shortage of 1 million college graduates in STEM fields over the next decade. (Ref. 1)

2) A 2014 study showed that it takes longer to fill job openings of STEM positions than non-STEM positions, indicating higher demand for STEM workers. For example, advertisements for job openings requiring a Ph.D. or other professional degrees in STEM fields last 50 days on average, compared to 33 days for non-STEM job vacancies. (Ref. 2)

2.There is no substantiated evidence that the STEM extension will compromise the employment opportunities of U.S. citizens. 

1) Foreign STEM workers do not threaten the employment opportunities of U.S. citizens in STEM fields, given STEM fields currently have very low unemployment rates. Data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics shows that the total unemployment rate in 2014 was 6.2%, whereas the rates in various STEM fields were significantly lower. For example: computer and mathematical occupations, 2.7%; healthcare practitioner and technical occupations, 2.1%; architecture and engineering occupations, 3.1%. (Ref. 3) Similarly, a report by the National Science Foundation found that unemployment rate for doctoral scientists and engineers was 2.1% in February 2013, only one-third of the total unemployment rate of 6.3% in the same month. (Ref. 4) 

2) Foreign STEM workers can help create more job opportunities for natives. STEM workers receive higher salar