Richard Trumpka, President of the AFL-CIO:
"expanding de facto guest worker programs like Optional Practical Training (OPT) - through which employers hire more than 120,000 young college graduates per year who hold F-1 visas - but do not even guarantee that those foreign graduates are paid the minimum wage, let alone the prevailing wage, chase Americans out of computer science and creates a self-fulfilling 'shortage' as Americans respond to a relatively better market as engineers in other fields."
"In 2002, 14.5% of black science and engineering majors chose computer science, versus 11.5% for all Americans. But by 2012, because of declining job prospects, the share of black science majors choosing computer science fell to 9.8%."
"The next Sergei Brin might be sitting in an American classroom right now, but if that future innovator cannot get an entry-level job in high tech because employers prefer importing temporary workers, entrepreneurial innovations will not occur in the United States."

David North, formerly of the U.S. Labor Department:
"there is no training in this program. It is just one more foreign worker program and it has nothing to do with students; it is for recent alien college graduates."
"U.S. employers are given a substantial bonus for hiring an alien college grad rather than an American college grad with the same skills and the same salary...it can be above $10,000."
"DHS, by defining a recent college grad as a student, takes both the worker and the employer out from under payroll taxes -- thus penalizing the Social Security and Medicare trust funds directly, and our elders indirectly."
"If the bonus given to employers for hiring a STEM graduate is worth $10,000 under the old rules, it is now worth $12,000, and is that much more likely to cause an employer to hire a former F-1 student than a green card or citizen graduate."

Ron Hira of Howard University: 
"It is pure fiction that someone with a master's degree in electrical engineering needs an a