I would like to submit my comments for supporting this new OPT extension rule.

First of all, revocation of this extension will definitely lose the attraction to the international students, which will do harm to domestic economy. Different from other countries, this OPT extension assures students more time to practice their skills and build their career, and makes US has the largest number of international students. If this rule got revoked, there is no reason the international students will still choose US as first choice when studying abroad. Lots of american universities may face multiple critical issues like the crisis of fund since international student is a big group. What makes the thing worse is the drawback in economy growth. According to the statistic provided by NAFSA, "The 886,052 international students and their families at universities and colleges across the country supported 340,000 jobs and contributed $26.8 billion to the U.S. economy during the 2013-2014 academic year". 

Secondary, the technical giants or the industry really need these technical talents. No one can deny that STEM is not the ideal choice for local students. For example, in my university, international students account for a large portion, more than 50%, in the engineering school. US university offered them the best knowledge, but force them to leave. What a pity! Let's say we do not care about it, then who can help to contribute to the rapid development of technologies? There is not enough talents. Without the continuous talents training and storage, US may gradually lose its leading role in technical industry on this planet.

Third, there is no impact for local American students to find a job. For one thing, just as I said, not too many american student will choose STEM as their majors. For another thing, the technical job opportunities is too many to be fully filled in. What's more, one requirement of OPT extension is that the employer must be e-verify, which to some extent limi