The proposed changes in this action suffer from many problems. A major problem is that this rule would provide superior help to students who are not American citizens, assistance which is not available to American students. This discrimination is unconscionable. Effectively the federal government would be taking better care of non-Americans than it does of American students. A further result of such action is that it discourages American students and will surely drive many into other and probably less lucrative professions. So this disadvantages the American student, but it also disadvantages the American employer and the American economy.

There is another problem: why are we doing this? There is no shortage of STEM workers or graduates in the U.S. And the federal government's first obligation (or at least it should be) is to support Americans and American students. Our immigration policies should be focused on actions that support the American people and the American economy. When there is no shortage of STEM workers, it is unfair to American taxpayers to advance a program that has no marginal benefit to the country or to Americans. So the whole premise of the program is faulty.

The OPT program has denied Americans 430,000 jobs from 2009 to 2013. Such disloyalty to American workers is unconscionable. But the disloyalty to Americans doesn't stop there. This program has been funded from the Social Security Trust Fund and the Medicare Trust Fund, sources unrelated to the intent of the program, and trust funds that are in trouble financially as it is. Bottom line is that we cannot afford to deplete these funds particularly for a program unrelated to the Funds primary intent and because it adds to the burden placed on American taxpayers to deliver these programs. In the case of Social Security, American workers have already contributed to the Social Security Trust Fund and the government has a financial obligation to those workers. By depleting the fund for other purp