I strongly support this proposal and believe it is a plan that will eventually benefit the majority and the development and economy of the U.S. a country which was founded upon the belief that promotes freedom and opportunities.

1) Consider the contributions made BY these hard-working, talented international students TO the U.S. development and fast growth in I.T., math, and other areas: Take Mike Krieger, the co-founder of Instagram, as an example. He WAS an international student but thanks to his intelligence and hardworking he CO-FOUNDED Instagram, which almost every American citizen is using on a daily basis now to take advantage of what technology can bring to us. Not to even mention the job opportunities Instagram is creating for its own employees, a lot of U.S. businesses using Instagram as a platform to develop their business, and professionals in various industries. 

But besides Instagram, there're many STEM international students working hard in silicon valley and all other places just to make better and cheaper technologies happen for every American citizen.

2) Approval of STEM IS NOT placing international students over american citizens. As far as I know, hiring is based on applicants' competency and skill set for a position. This means if an american citizen and an international student have the same skill set and the same competence, they will be both considered for the position (despite the fact that american citizens are always preferred to international students). There's no way that international students are given advantages because apparently in most of the situations american citizens are always preferred by recruiters.

3) STEM is about hiring the intelligent and competent but NOT cheap labor. Ask those silicon valley international students working hard for their employees, do they earn less than their american peers? For every race and nationality, I.T. is an industry that pays well. This is not based on their nationalities but on their com