I strongly support the proposal to expand training opportunities for F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees and cap-gap relief for all eligible F-1 students. 

In the first place, F-1 nonimmigrant students inevitably bring prosperity in both economy and technology development to the United States. Spreading the whole country, F-1 nonimmigrant students dine at the local restaurants, entertain themselves at the local bars and cinemas, and shop at the malls, which give rise to an increase in the consumption and a growth of GPA in the United States. Simultaneously, a great portion of F-1 nonimmigrant students are highly intellectual and creative. Putting them in the labor market of the United States is a wise way to guarantee technology development in the United States. If extension of training opportunities for F-1 nonimmigrant students is not approved, a great number of them will not come to the United States for better education and therefore, the United States of America can no longer benefit from them.

Some opponents argue that F-1 nonimmigrant students have an advantage over the US citizens in the job market in the sense that those employers prefer to recruit F-1 nonimmigrant students than US citizens. However, it doesnt make any sense since the e-verify program guarantees no discrimination between employees in terms of their race and nationality. Furthermore, the argument of the opponents claiming that a lower payment of opt students result in the preference of them among employers is also untenable, because all the interns have a lower payment than full-time applicants, regardless of their nationality. 

As the third point, extending the training opportunities for F-1 nonimmigrant students and putting them in the job market in the United States is also an impetus for the US citizen candidates to improve their competency in the job market. With the competition from F-1 nonimmigrant students, native students are confronted with bigger pressure and a fiercer 