I strongly recommend the proposed rule. Being a student on a F1 Visa with a STEM degree who has applied for STEM Extension I feel I am qualified enough to put forth my views regarding this issue. 

U.S.A is the land of dreams and opportunities. Every student who enters this country has sacrificed a lot to make studying in U.S.A possible. Let me remind that the admissions to most of the universities in U.S.A is very competitive with only the best being allowed to enter the country. With the skills that they acquire after studying in U.S.A they become a very valuable resource in any job market they enter. 

The STEM industry in U.S.A currently has a shortage of skilled workers. Each large multinational company has so many vacancies that go unfilled each quarter. Again, I can see this happening even at my current company and I do not find it surprising. The proposed STEM extension is just a authorization to students working in renowned companies which are e-verify. 

Opposing to the claim that these people steal jobs from the U.S citizens in my experience a company always prefers an equally / less skilled U.S citizen than a foreign personnel because it saves them the trouble to applying for authorization and immigration for the employee. It also saves them the legal advice and process cost which they need to absorb. I would also like to bring it to the notice of concerned people that F1- STEM students are not cheap labor. They are paid equally with respect to any U.S citizen. Hence the company has no motivation to hire a foreign national with STEM extension if they can find a equally skilled U.S citizen since the Cost to Company(CTC) is higher for the STEM Students. 

The people who make these claims might have had some bad experiences in the past during the 2008 recession period, which might have been because of the H1B visa workers. But in no way was it concerned with the STEM OPT students. Carrying this prejudice about we stealing the jobs might leave the STEM indus