The United States and its residents will benefit tremendously from the new STEM extension proposal. 

First of all, STEM extension only applies to foreign students in the fields of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics and it requires them to perform jobs in these fields as well. Therefore, endowing STEM students with longer work authorization will by no means affect the United States citizens in a negative way whatsoever. Why? According to numerous studies conducted by top-notch scholars in the field of Economics, Political Science, Labor Study, etc, highly skilled foreign workers or immigrants never create competition against local workers. As we all know, the demand for highly skilled workers, especially in the field of STEM, is never met yet still rapidly growing. In such situation, allowing more foreign STEM workers does not exclude local workers from this particular job pool. Conversely, it only increases the supply of such workers, and together with local works, it helps meeting the demand and boosting the holistically economic output of the United States. With simple economics principles, the residents in the United States will benefit from a stronger Economy and have higher income.

Secondly, the new STEM extension proposal does not mean it will incur a lot more long-term or permanent immigrants, as opposed to many fear. As we all know, what entitles foreign students/workers long-term work authorization is H1B and it has annual lottery system to control the total number of foreign workers who get authorized to work. It is true that the new STEM extension proposal will greatly increase the number of applicants in each year's H1B lottery, because they have a few more years to participate in the H1B lottery. But to note, every year, only a fixed number of workers can get long-term authorization and the rest still need to go back to their countries of origins after a few years, even it is a little longer under the new STEM extension proposal.

To sum