Im a foreign student so Im speaking on behalf of our group. I think STEM program is beneficial to this country and all the people living here.

A lot of American people are against STEM program because they think this will take away the jobs. While emotionally this is understandable, it is not necessarily true.

The STEM program is targeted for highly educated foreign students who are specified in science and technology and who have received at least a master degree from US universities. There are of course a lot of talented and highly educated US students who are equally good. In principle these two groups are in direct competition. However, you seldom hear US students complain about jobs being taken away -- not only because there are actually sufficient high tech jobs but also because they as well as their foreign classmates are not afraid of competition.

If we really start to limit the jobs for foreign students here in United States, these jobs will not necessarily stay in US anymore think about it, these high tech companies would simply create an office in countries like India and China -- simply because there are not so many skillfully trained and highly educated people to hire (there are a lot of smart people in US but unfortunately a lot of them end up in Wall Streets). In India and China, these high tech companies can hire people for much less pay -- this doesn't sound like a good thing for US anyway. If you can keep these jobs in US and even they are partially taken by foreign students, these people need all sorts of services and eventually will create more jobs and benefit average American people.

We live in a flatten world which means people are moving around more frequently than ever. We must take action to attract more talented people to serve in US by approaches like STEM. If we dont, these jobs will simply flow away to other countries but believe me this is happening at the very moment. We shall not close our doors while other countries are trying a