The United States is always known for being a melted pot, where elites and talents from all over the world collaborate and make this country grow. To make us strong again is not to close our borders and just simply praising ourselves that we have the best grapes in our garden backyard when the people who could have grown oranges for us were turned down by us and are now helping other competitive gardens and are growing fruits we haven't even heard about. So this question of whether or not we should let F1 students get a bigger chance to find a job in the States is the same as asking ourselves, do we want to turn away someone talented and drive them to our competitors? 

"Making America stronger again" is not about caring only for the short run benefits of some people while neglecting the long run impact for this whole country. Yes, John is competing with an international student with a weird last name for a job in computer sciences. And yes if we assumed that John did lose his job offer because the HR office believes that the other student acquires more proficiency and can finish the work better. Now let's consider the consequence of this result. The company gets a more efficient worker, and it became more profitable, enabling it to provide better products than other competitive companies in the world at a better price level. The more profitable they become, the more they will be willing to invest more in their company, which will provide more jobs. And for the international student, he/she secures the job, pay his/her taxes, purchase American products, increasing consumption for the U.S. And for John? Yes he lost that one job but he still has opportunity to search for more jobs with lower pay. On the other hand, if John is better than that international student it would be him who secures the job.

There also used to be a debate on whether a student in minority should be selected by the admission committee compared to another student who is white if both achieved t