Quinn Zhang I fully support improving training opportunities for F-1 non-immigrant students with STEM degrees. 

One concern about expanding OPT for STEM F-1 students which has been repeatedly expressed is that foreign students are taking up job oppotunities, making it harder for local students to get a job. Some have expressed, based on this, that the expansion of OPT for foreign students is favoring the foreigners than the locals. I hope to clarify here that though job searching is growing more competitive, in general local students still hold the advantage than foreigners in getting a job. Some oppotunities are not available for foreign students due to their identity issue. And it may even be an unspoken rule that companies tend to hire local students than foreign students given they are equally qualified, based on the seemingly unfair but in fact reasonable concern that foreign students may not stay in the position for a long time before they have to go back to their home countries. Therefore, foreign students have to work harder than local students to show their qualification of a job. Foreign students are definitely not favored under these policies.

STEM related job oppotunities require professional skills and are not dependent on the cultural background or nationalities of the candidates. Professional skills is also the major factor companies tend to evaluate in candidate employees. The fact that foreign students can transend the obstacles of their identity issues is already solid proof that many foreign students are more qualified professionally than local students who are complaining that their job oppotunities are "stolen". The fact that they are able to get a job shows that many major companies have full confidence that their skills and abilities will create more value than other local candidates competing for the job.

The current disadvantage foreign students face in job hunting is efficient to balance out the potential drawbacks that they are taking up job oppotunities, which no longer need to be a concern. From this point of view, supporting the improvement of traning oppotunities of STEM F-1 student is absolutely valid.
