Dear Officer,
I would like to comment the USICE Proposed Rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students," published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.
As a current OPT STEM EXTENSION holder, I finished my Master of Science and Doctoral program from 2009 to 2014, and now I am working for a global leading company for technique textiles. I spent a year in this company working as a process and development engineer. I helped the company with better understanding of the textile nonwoven processes. I worked together with our manufacturing team and significantly improve our product quality and optimized productivity. Thanks to my bilingual capability, I bridged much better and more effectively between our corporate in North Carolina, manufacturing in Mississippi and overseas plants in China and Europe.
I am not stealing jobs from American Citizens. I believe with my contribution, my company is in a better competitive situation, so the profit and the production get to be expanded. Therefore, many employment opportunities are created for local people. Most of the students with STEM skills are popular in the job market. I don't believe there are many of them are underpaid. When I was about to graduate in July 2014, I had got three job offers. My salary was higher than the averaged Ph.D salary. I was offered full benefit package by the company, this is only because I can and will benefit my company. 
Besides, Mississippi is a less developed area comparing to the rest part of this country. Companies have so much trouble to find qualified employees, because capable people do not want to relocate to this area. Students like me do not really care too much about location for practicing their skills. I would say this is a win-win-win situation: I got benefited for job opportunity, my company hired me as a qualified engineer and Mississippi got financial benefit from me, a