For this country, the benefit of the extension of OPT for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM degrees is obvious. 
First of all, the United States as one of leading countries of innovation and technology industry requires a large amount of highly educated and trained workers to support the need of technology companies. However, we all have to admit that there is not enough American citizens who choose or are able to take this kind of jobs. The nonimmigrant STEM students solve the critical issue of high technology worker shortage in this country. They contribute to the development of the technology and economy of this country and keep the United States as the leading country of high technology. The point is that the nonimmigrant STEM students DO NOT take away American Citizen's jobs, there is not enough workers for this kind of jobs in this country, so the nonimmigrant STEM students fill in. They are doing jobs that most American Citizens do not or cannot do. Even if they don't take these jobs, there won't be more job available for most American citizens.
Secondly, think about it, what makes America the NO.1 country in the world? It is because the American value is about openness, tolerance, freedom and equality. This draws the most brilliant people from all over the world to work for this country. They are the elites in Science and Engineering. They made the United States the leading country of the development of Science and technology, and Science and technology are what made the United States the most powerful country in the world. The value of this country is about freedom, openness and equality, not close-minded, over-protected, and discrimination against foreigners. Do Not forget, the United States is an immigration country, and just because it is an immigration country, there is always fresh blood filling in, so the country is alive and energetic. If the country follows some shot-sighted people's opinion and chase the brilliant and excellent foreign students a