I am writing to support the DHS proposal to extend the OPT period for STEM students by 24 months. My opinion is shaped by my personal experiences as the child of a Chinese immigrant who works in a STEM field and as the friend of numerous international students who pursuing STEM research, as well as by my historical research on the importance of Asian migration in stimulating American innovation, creativity, and growth. 

My father immigrated to the United States as a teenager and financed his own undergraduate and master's education, becoming a systems engineer with one of the largest American government contractors in Southern California. As an undergraduate I attended the University of Southern California, which boasts the highest number of international students at any American university. These students have expanded the breadth and depth of USC's academic engagement with urgent issues around the world, enhanced the university's global status and attracted new investment, and enriched the intellectual and social lives of its students. I am currently a doctoral student at Stanford University, where I continue to meet international students who demonstrate an enormous passion for their work. These students include polymaths who can discuss European and Chinese literature in one breath and statistical analysis in the next; innovators who are developing the newest technologies for lightweight, portable, and wearable electronic devices; and much more.

Yet I have also seen friends torn from their work because of the undue stress caused by limited visa issues and the current OPT policy of 12 months. This time limit reduces the opportunities that international students have to develop a full, functional understanding of how to put their academic knowledge to practical applications. They are unable to see the foundation of new companies or the development of new research projects from start to finish. This has real consequences not just for students' careers, but also f