This proposed rule is open to literally every foreign person in the world regardless of the ability to succeed at a U.S. school thus, the regulation does not seek bright students. The F1 nonimmigrant classification is available to certain academic students seeking temporary admission to the United States as full-time students at an established college, university, seminary, conservatory, academic high school, elementary school, or other academic institution or in an accredited language training program. In short, every and any school is a qualifying school. Thus, by definition, any foreigner who wants to come to the U.S. to attend elementary school qualifies under this regulation. The 911 terrorist would have qualified under this broad definition.

To guard against adverse effects on U.S. workers, this proposal would require terms and conditions of a STEM practical training opportunity (including duties, hours, and compensation) to be commensurate with those applicable to similarly situated U.S. workers. This is deceptive. The Regulation and definitions ensure that there are no similarly situated U.S.worker. The Regulation deflect the issue away from this U.S. worker or this employer to other employers of the same {undefined} size anywhere in the world.Lastly, the Regulations require comparison of students with U.S. workers that is the proverbial apples vs. oranges false comparison, leaving U.S. workers with no protection by definition since no worker can ever be similarly situated to a student.
It Is Noted That The Regulation Does Not Refute That The U.S. Has Plenty Of Home Grown Scholars And Stem Student.

The Regulation has no plan (and no idea) how to require the employer to report and prove that it is not replacing U.S. workers with the imported foreign student. Instead, the Regulation leaves it to the imagination of the employer DHS anticipates that employers have the imagination to show compliance through a variety of existing real-world practices. Of course,