I personally strongly support the proposal. Claiming first, I am an international student and working under OPT extension. I know, for some of Americans, this proposal is the worst news for them. Because their dream which is just going to a party school and making money easily, would not come true. That is the reason why these people against this proposal. And I will list my opinions below to say why this proposal is absolutely right.

1. The world is competitive. The US is No.1 in the world, and I think no body would say "No". But actually, there is a very important factor right behind the "No.1", that is "diversity". People who come form every corner of the world was and is coming to the US, they brings fresh blood to this country, contribute to and make the US better. 

2. The meaning of the blue in the US flag. If you search the meaning of the US flag, the blue means "Justice". And I don't think only Americans can be treated as "Justice". These international students, they pay 2 to 3 times the tuition fee than US students, and they study hard, but eventually they don't even have a chance to work and learn more in the real society for just 24 month more. They are not going to stay here for 10 years, it is just 24 month more, and this 24 month is important for these science major students to learn things. If they are forced to leave, where is the "Justice"?

3. On the angle of US citizen who are against this proposal, I do understand the things that they are worrying about. They thought only if these international students left, and then they could find jobs. But do you know how many international students here in the US right now? During the 2013-2014 school years, there were 886,052 international students. This great number crates hundred thousand of job opportunities for US citizen. If these students were force to leave, how many US citizen will lose their job? You may say: " we are welcoming them to study here, but we just don't want them to work here". Dude, 