After reading this action to include a STEM OPT extension as part of the OPT program, I can see a lot of advantages that the new rule could bring to United States if the new rule is applied, which means international students that under the F-1 nonimmigrant classification are not the only group of people who are going to gain the benefit from the action.
First of all, the STEM OPT is apart of attraction to international students considering of America as the target country to study abroad. Especially there is an increasing number of students dedicate to STEM majors to develop the technology to this country. As an recent engineering graduate, I still remember that America was my last choice when four years ago I decided to study abroad. One of the keys brought me to America was that I learned about the opportunity of getting industrial experiences after graduated that I can have in America but not in the European countries. Since I am one of the international students, I assume a lot of other international students have the similar thoughts. If this action to STEM OPT extension was not approved at last, I believe the amount of international students will decrease. According to the development strategies of my college to attract more and more international students, and thousands of new international students under F-1 visa every year, I think an decreasing number of international students is not what most colleges would like to see.
Secondly, from what I know, a certain amount of programs prefer to have their employees to work over one year. No matter the reason is the cost of training new employees is not cheap, or the specific feature of the programs, regular 12-month OPT usually is not enough. Sometimes, the OPT limitation become the barrier for international students to get in those programs. Personally, my current employer wishes that I could stay for another years due to the release and the maintenance of the new product. However, without the extension I might 