I am an international student with F1 visa. I am current under OPT and will need extension Feb 2016. I will be directly impacted by the regulation. In my opinion, the regulation of "expanding training opportunities for F-1 non-immigrant students with stem degrees and cap-gap relief for all eligible F-1 students" not only benefit the F-1 stem student, but also make positive effect on companies and schools in United States. The reasons I think the regulation is absolutely necessary are as follows:

1. It fulfills the companies needs. 

High tech companies like Google, Facebook, Qualcomm hire thousands of international student with OPT every year. From the company aspect, it usually costs more to hire an international student. H1-B sponsorship and green card application is extra cost compare to hiring US citizen. The reason for high tech companies to keep hiring international students is that they have to do it: they need the work force to push the company moving forward. And apparently, hiring US only citizen and green card holder is far from enough. If all international students under F-1 visa have only 12 months OPT, many will decided to go home. Most of them are highly educated in US and qualified employee. It would be a huge lost for the companies that need them.

I notices that people try to blame the international student for their unemployment. International students get hired not because of their immigration status, it is simply because they are better match for the positions. Even without competition of international student, those who did not get the job will remain the same. Because international student is a work force that compliment employee structure of US. There are positions that most of the qualified candidates are international students. Deporting them will not give more chance to US citizen and green card holder, but only to lower the company standard and sacrifice the functionality of the team.

2. The schools need the regulation.

University is t