This makes me very uncomfortable. I know too many engineers who need work and have almost given up. My own son is a software engineer and the foreign engineers will work for half of what he worked so hard to earn over the past 20 years. This makes the degrees of OUR citizens worth very little.

I live in very close proximity to three Indian families...the men are all engineers and the wives are of various professions. You can offer them $75,000 per year and that is a ton of money compared to what they could make in India but a degreed, professional who is an American citizen then has one less job he can hope to get.

The Indians live in very nice homes, drive Audis and Lexus and travel home regularly in addition to all the money they send back to India. They do not want to be American citizens or participate in our culture or our country, but they do want our money.

In the 70s, the Shah of Iran let a large helicopter contract to Bell Helicopter International. My husband, an armament engineer accepted a position with them in Isfahan, Iran. Our entire family moved to Iran. I wanted to work over there at the Army base since I had an extensive background programming computers. Before Bell could hire me, they made sure that an Iranian national could not do the same work. THEY PUT THEIR COUNTRYMEN FIRST. That is the way it should be.

Why do you want to put ALIENS before an American citizen? That makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. 

I realize that you people are probably under a lot of pressure from the administration and private companies to do this, but the ONLY reason those companies what you this is so they can save money.

According to my son and his observations, not only are the foreign engineers incompetent, have very poor English skills and do not understand our culture, but their grooming habits leave much to be desired and talking with them makes no difference.

Please do not follow through with this...you are destroying our country, one chink at a time.

I