I strongly support this proposal for the following reasons.

1. According to CNN news, STEM jobs are growing at 1.7 times the rate of non-STEM jobs, and the U.S. is simply not producing enough candidates to fill the them. According to statistics from Department of Education, only 16% of high school seniors are interested in pursuing STEM careers. And according to National Math + Science Initiative, U.S. may be short of as many as 3 million skilled workers by 2018. Thus, attracting more international students to pursue a STEM careers is important to make up the shortage in the workforce.

2. I believe science and technology is the most important driving force to economy growth. The U.S. is fast losing its competitive edge. The decline in STEM knowledge capital is reducing the basic scientific research that leads to growth. According to Thomson Reuters Global Research Report, November 2010, U.S. no longer dominates the research landscape in the production of scientific papers. In 1981, U.S. scientists
fielded nearly 40 percent of research papers in the most influential journals. By
2009, that figure had shrunk to 29 percent. During the same period, European
nations increased their share of research papers from 33 percent to 36 percent, while
research contributed by nations in the Asia-Pacific region increased from 13 percent
to 31 percent. China is now the second-largest producer of scientific papers, after the U.S. with nearly 11 percent of the worlds total. American STEM shortcomings mean crucial research and development that pushes the frontiers of innovation is waning. If this proposal is approved, U.S. will be able attract more foreign talents to pursue scientific research in U.S., and thus contributing to the U.S. economy.

3. Even if do not take into account the economic value of STEM students after they graduate from universities, international students contributed over 27 billion dollars to the U.S. economy. And more than 1/3 of international students are pur