The effective increase in training opportunities for STEM F1 students is of great help. This helps in creation of more jobs and provides impetus to the high-tech industry. There are certain underlying comments which are in support of the rule.

1. The majority of students for F1 in STEM are in heavy engineering, computer sciences, bio sciences and life sciences. These industries require highly qualified individuals with an American college degree (undergraduate and graduate). By helping these students work in America would avoid a brain drain to Asian countries.

2. If this is denied, the computer and software companies would increase the size of their off-shore offices in China, and India. The expenditure in these countries for hiring talented students will be much less. This can help these companies reduce their US expenses while still being called American companies. Keeping the students here helps prevent this situation.

3. Many of the students in STEM programs have advanced degrees (MD, PhD, etc.). They have contributed to the research in USA and have helped bring new innovations. Many of these continue to take up Academic jobs in Universities and in turn help the American citizens effectively. Restricting STEM opportunities for PhD, MD level students would be disastrous for the research and innovation in these fields.

4. F1 students are non-immigrants with legal VISA. They work and contribute to the tax system, which benefits all the American citizens. 

5. The STEM based OPT students from Computer science fields have joined various start-ups and have created new startups (once they become full citizens). These startups have hired a large number of American citizens and have added jobs to the tally. Many companies such as Whatsapp, Baidu, Facebook, Google, Microsoft, etc. have benefitted from these start-ups in term of acquisitions and job creations. If not given an opportunity to stay in America, these students can create an equivalent competition in their 