Hello,

I am writing here to provide my strong support for implementing the rule. I have seen multiple comments opposing this rule with no proper support for their reasons.

The reasons for my support are as follows:

1) International students are encouraged to pursue higher education in united states and are directed to work using OPT as part of the process legally.
2) There is mutual benefit for all parties here, i.e. students, Universities/Tech companies.
a) Student will gain Quality education and experience, which will be useful for their better future.
b) Universities are getting huge funds in the form of tuition fees that are collected from international students as (Out of State) and are used for their operations/funding and managements that cannot be done through the regular funds collected by in state students.
c) Organizations are hiring quality group of candidates through a strict interview process where they don't look if youare international student or citizen. If you have talent and prove that you have required skill set. you will be chosen.

Some of my fellow commentators are thinking that Student who are coming here are the primary cause of the loosing jobs. But they should understand that there are lots of nations such as UK, Australia, New Zealand are primarily trying to attract students by providing permanent residency after finishing their higher education, who can boost their economy and take part in improving the quality of life by taking part in developing the technology that can used in day to day life. 

My fellow commentators should think twice why fellow countries competing now with US. 

For every action, there is an equal and opposite reaction. The number of students preferring US might dramatically can come down as they will not see an opportunity to implement their skills for a specific time, after finishing their education and it can cause a ripple effect where there will be an adverse effect on universities and technical firms and in