I believe that the OPT extension is an important step in keeping America's world-leading status in both academics and economics.

The U.S. has always (and proudly) been the country of immigrants, and this openness to people's talents regardless of their origins played a big role in the country's success in economy and technology during the last century. Nevertheless, there is no guarantee that things will always look this good in the coming years. While foreign students are still flooding to the U.S. for higher education, many have also chosen countries like China, Japan, Britain, Australia, Germany... instead. Many countries have realized the importance of foreign talents in this age of technology, and have developed policies to encourage foreign students to their academic institutions.

So how will the STEM extension policy help the U.S. ensure its academic status? The current OPT allows for one year of training after graduation. Some commenters have argued that STEM students do not need training outside of their education, which, almost anyone working in any tech industry would agree, is very far from the truth. Skills in the STEM field are very practical and require the students to know how to apply their technical knowledge to real world problems, and this "how to apply" part has to be learned from industry experience, and one year is very often not enough for a student to see a industrial STEM project to completion. It is very frustrating for both the student and the employer when the OPT expires in one year and a member of the team is forced to leave. The result? Employers stay away from OPT students, students move to other countries where they are allowed more complete training, and future students just go directly to those countries for education instead. And academic institutions, as we know, are the powerhouse for the country's future development. The STEM extension policies will ensure that our academic institutions stay competitive in this fast-changing