I support the rule of "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students". The short reason is that "immigrants and talented people" are the two most important things to keep America young and fueling the development of this great country. We should not say no to these foreign students who may benefit our economy.

The long reason: 

United States of America has been the best country in the world for decades of years. What is the reason? The immigration policy of talented people. Due to two World-wars and the breakup of USSR, many scientists, bankers, business owners and skilled workers immigrated to the US and made their unique contributions to make this country even greater.

After the information revolution, more and more developing countries (BRIC, especially China) have realized that science and technology are the main productive forces. They've seen how the tech companies and science discoveries (science and technology) benefit people's life; how high-end engineering parts (engineering) influence their procedures of making machines; and how the healthy financial strategies (Math) facilitate their way of making business. These developing countries want to build a similar financial and industrial system in their land, so they are trying their best to attract their citizens (studying in US) back and foreigners in to help them develop. We need these STEM students. We need them to use their brilliant minds to make US companies more competitive in the world trade. 

Moreover, these students with OPT status have a lot of limitation in finding jobs. We can make new regulations to minimize their impact on the job market for US STEM students.

The attachments are 1) Shanghai (China) government is simplifying the procedure of immigration to attract more immigrants to work for them; 2) introduction of China's national 1000-talent plan.

Here are several links about China's new st