I support this proposal by the DHS to establish new rules of the OPT for students with STEM degrees for the following reasons:

1. The graduates from STEM majors has been making vital contribution to the US economy. The IT industry has developed very fast in the recent years relying on many foreign students who graduated from different STEM majors, which also creates many positions for Americans. The development of economy helps building up more companies and hiring more American people. Also, they pay a significant part of tax which helps the federal and state governments better serve the people.

2. The international students with STEM degree is an important part to keep the USA the most powerful country. We are facing a competition from China, Russia and India in technology and economy every day, and the majority of the foreign students in science and engineering are from these countries. The current immigration law makes it very hard for these students to work legally in the United States even if they are hired by the high-tech companies. If we force them to return to their home country, they will only support the tech companies in their country and our highest level education system is just teaching and training students who work for our competitors. By setting up this OPT-extension, these students will have a chance to work in the United States and contribute to the industry here for at least 3 years and possibly longer if they apply for other types of visa later.

3. Please also be aware that for most Ph.D. students and some master students, the tuition fee and some of the living expenses are covered fully or partially by a fund from the university. This is eventually paid by all tax payers, that is, every American. If we force these students to return to their home country right after graduation, we are effectively using our tax-payers' money to educate future workers for our competitors. This will definitely hurt the USA in the very near future and we shoul