1. When was meritocracy replaced by citizenship? People get jobs based on their merits and not citizenship. I have hired people and I have sat for job interviews. Citizenship was never a question. The only case I was asked my citizenship was when a company was small enough to not be able to bear the direct and indirect costs (attorney fees) associated with H1B program. 

2. America has been built on immigration. Most of the people living here are descendents of immigrants and not native americans. When Declaration of Independence proclaims all men to be created equal, it means that all human beings, regardless of religion, sex or skin color, possess the same natural rights. Why create special status for somebody and limit the right to work for someone else.

3. People don't shy away when taken care by an immigrant as his/her doctor or dentist. But people don't want STEM graduates to help USA out in their respective fields. Ironic.

4. Founders/CEOs of major corporations that have changed the lives of not just Americans but the world in general are immigrants. People love using services/products of these companies. But they don't want immigrants. Ironic again?

Read below to get awwed/shocked by which companies were founded by immigrants

http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2013/04/22/american-companies-founded-by-immigrants_n_3116172.html

Getting services of bright people is imminent. If not allowed through rule, it will be achieved by other means like creating foreign branches or outsourcing. But negating the rule all of a sudden will jeopardize the status quo of many middle class families who rent out to students, many universities who base their income on foreign students and many companies which valued meritocracy and employed them in hope to use their services not for 12 months but more. Economy will get a major blow if students suddenly flock back to their home countries, leaving people here to look for new tenants and companies left with not enough people to work 