I agree with extending STEM to 24 months.

Everyday Millions of F-1 Nonimmigrant students are working in technology companies and making contributions to United States. The reason that United States is the most powerful country in science and technology fields is that opportunities and policies here attracts smartest technical people from all over the world to work here, and contribute their expertise. If we only have 12 months for those students to find an technical internship and work for that internship, the contribution they can made in their field is minimized.

Now I'm working as a intern in a mathematic modeling team. I can tell that in the first 12 months, companies are investing money and resource to help their technical interns to adapt to their environment and learn the tools they will use. So, interns are actually making contribution to the team after this learning period. If we only have 12 months for internship, before those technical companies can benefit from their international interns, we already have to leave this country. However, if we have 24 months STEM, situation can be different. Each technical international students can contribute their expertise for at least two years! Think about growing speed of technology. With two more years, we can help United States develop thousands of ground breaking technologies.

United States is now the leading power in many technical research fields, which can benefit all human beings on this planet. The power of international technical students, who are studying here and working here can accelerate those researches with no doubt. I can understand some United States citizens are complaining that international technical students make them feel harder to find a job. However, if now we force those talented international engineers to quit what they are studying here and stop them from contribute to the whole human being, we need a better excuse than fair job opportunities.

Talking about fair opportunities, when I'