International student has become an important part of most of the US universities. As far as I know, the reason why most international students choose United States is that it's much easier for them to get industrial experience here, which will make them more competitive compared with peers. With the existence of OPT STEM extension, more and more STEM student would like to pay their tuition to study in United States because they got more opportunities to work here, which is a big plus when they enter job market. 

Besides of the tuition income, these international students also created hundreds of thousands of job positions for US. Universities have to hire more faculty and staff to support these students. More cafe, restaurants and shopping center will be open in surrounding areas. More food and vehicles will be purchased, more bus drivers are needed, more text books will be printed. All these activities will create a lot of job positions for United States.

If the OPT STEM extension is cancelled, the attractiveness of studying in US will be significantly reduced. It's predictable that more and more international student will choose other countries, or not studying aboard at all. American economy will be affected. Native people who already got jobs because of these international students will lose their jobs. This probably will cause an instability of American society.

One of the reasons why United States has a leading position in Science and Technology is because it's attracting top students all over the world to study in America. After those students graduated, they need an opportunity to use what they have learned to solve real life problems. OPT STEM extension will definitely grant them more opportunities. It obvious that the existence of STEM extension will attract these students to do research in America.

If the OPT STEM extension is cancelled, it's predictable most of the top international student has to go back to their own country. This will lead to a gr