Why are we importing more students when so many American graduates remain unemployed long after graduation? Why are we importing more students when so many American graduates cannot get jobs matching their field of study? Why are we importing more students when there is so much American born competition for the limited number of seats in many colleges? Why are we importing more students when the cost of college, which is presumably driven by supply and demand, has far outpaced every other area of house-hold spending including the cost of a new home, the cost of a new car, food, gasoline, even health insurance. Seems to me there is already enough demand for the limited amount of seats. 

We need to focus on providing opportunity to American students instead of spending tax payer money and educational resources on imported students. If we have a shortage of students in a particular area, then lets start looking at spending additional dollars in our K-12 system to build that pipeline while we encourage and support those students. We need to treat our educational system as the precious national resource that it is. We need to realize the strategic advantage that our educational system affords the USA and treat is as seriously as we treat national security. 

Personally, I am tired of importing students while natural born Americans are disadvantaged. I am tired of sending our jobs and talent to places in the world that have no love or respect for the USA. I will remember politicians and government officials who support American Citizens first. I will be sure to vote against politicians who place foreigners, illegal aliens, and imported labor and students ahead of American born citizens. 

No other country on the planet provides benefits to imported students and labor. Why should America? Stealing from American citizens to reward foreign students and labor does make America great. Our Exceptionalism is based on the fact that we know what makes America great. We realize th