I am personally support DHS to extend OPT period to 24 months for F-1 students with degree in STEM for several reasons.

First of all, the STEM OPT program is served to help students gain valuable practice experience, which is probably the most important reason why so many international students choose to study here. The percentage of international students in almost every university is increasing every year. They contribute a lot to the American education system through the huge amount of tuition they paid. Just be honest, it would be a totally disaster for all American universities if they lose these money. We all know the truth that the American universities need money while those international students coming from developing counties want better education and working experience. It is a deal reached between U.S. and international students. Now this deal was denied by the American court. But ironically the students couldn't get refunded because they have took the service, which is just not as good as what has been promised at the very beginning. The F-1 students get screwed. what else. The American education will also get hurt, not now but in the future. Surely, there would be still lots of students investing in American education. But the reputation of American education will no longer exist. The American education is now the top in the world. But will it still be if nobody trying to remedy this mistake. we will see. 

The major reason for people to oppose STEM OPT program is about the adverse effect to U.S. workers. But this reason is ungrounded. The program is only working for students with STEM degrees. And most of them would probably end working in technology related companies. Those companies hire the employees based on their abilities and skills. And if you are not qualified for it now, you will be still not qualified even if the STEM OPT program is not passed. The high unemployment rate and competitive environment are due to the global economic recession 