I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:
1. First of all, the US government should let the students who learned knowledge from US universities contribute to this county and should give them enough time to do so! This is very important because 12 month OPT program is not enough for them to complete a project or a research at all! I am currently a PhD student at Drexel University, and each of my research project would last at least two to three years. I can image that this would take even longer in workplace. It would be a disaster for many companies especially high-tech companies that hire many STEM students who are using OPT if all the students have to leave US in the middle of a research or project. And this would lead to a huge economic loss toward US.
2. Undoubtedly, foreign students contribute a huge amount of money to US economy, including tuition, living expenses, shopping, and many many others. For example, foreign students made a net contribution of $26.8 billion to the U.S. economy in the 2013-2014 academic year.
3. One of the most important reason for many foreign STEM students who decided to come to this country for further studies is the great OPT program. This program has been enabling STEM students to receive better training after they graduate to become more competitive, which help them get a better job when they go back to their own country. If OPT is stopped or the 24-month extension is rejected, the whole program will become much less attractive to foreign students. Very likely that they would choose other countries for further study, and it is a huge loss for US.
4. Competition does exist, but it is not a bad thing. It is not true that STEM students take away job opportunities that belong to native Americans. Instead, they help create much more job opportunities. They help a lot of high-tech companies or startups open up new projects and research, which would definitely lead to more jobs.

To sum up, 24-month OPT extension is a G