I have learned that the Department of Homeland Security has proposed a rule to expand a program called Optional Practical Training (OPT), which gives employers financial incentives to hire foreign students over Americans. As a tax paying American citizen, I object to the expansion of this program. I can see the rationale of giving foreign students the opportunity to apply the training they have acquired at U.S. institutions of higher learning so that our nation may profit from the investment made into these students' lives. What is extremely objectionable to me is that it is being used to hinder American citizens who have paid dearly for training believing that they would find jobs in the U.S. to offset the cost of their education and enable them to provide livelihood for themselves and their families, keeping them off welfare and other assistance programs that drain resources from the tax paying citizens of this nation. I have seen statistics showing that in a four year period, over 400,000 American citizens have been denied jobs in favor of hiring foreign students under the OPT program. That is unconscionable! Our first duty is to the needs of our own citizens, particularly in a time of severe economic downturn resulting in thousands of Americans being laid off work. DHS is actually proposing to give financial incentives to employers who hire foreign students over Americans. It should be the other way around in an environment in which Americans cannot even take care of their own financial responsibilities.

Speaking of which, I have also been informed that OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds. Should I say, "STOLE MONEY DEPOSITED IN TRUST TO THE US TREASURY BY AMERICANS OVER THEIR YEARS OF HARD WORK TO PROVIDE FOR THEIR NEEDS WHEN THEY REACHED RETIREMENT AGE," The Social Security funds I have paid into are even being denied cost of living increases for the coming year. This is erroneously explained by a decrease in gas prices, w