I personally strongly support this rule because basically it benefits both F1 holders and also Americans.

It is clear that by approving this proposal will largely help STEM F1 students gain valuable trainings in US because mostly, STEM projects last more than 1 year, many of them will have to shut down their ongoing projects without passing this proposal. Also, many foreign companies consider 2 more years working/training experiences in US as a great proof of their applicants' ability. By that, F1 holders will have better chance in their career later after they go back to their original country. A lot of them chose US rather than European countries because of these incredible training opportunities. 

I noticed that many of negative comments claimed that expanding training opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrants will take away the chances should have belonged to young Americans, which I strongly disagree. 1). Many F-1s are having their own startups, and providing new job opportunities based on the regulation. 2). Applying for OPT requires the employer being a member in E-Verify, which contains limited members. Many other company with federal employments do not have the equality policy on nationalities. 3). Admittedly, some foreign students have better technical skills, and hired by US companies, but the ultimate goal of most F-1 students are going back their original country and make contributions to their original countries, studying and training in US is just an approach to ascend themselves in job market in their original countries. Eventually, these opportunities will go back to young Americans. 4). Most F-1 students come from at least middle class from their countries, family travel after graduation has become a definite thing for a lot of their families. Absolutely, this will largely promote the travel and service industry in US. Also, a lot of them pay their full tuition by themselves or their families, which is a major resource for college income, and it is a s