I strongly support this new OPT extension rule. 

Currently I am a PhD student in Computer Engineering. I have been in the US for 6 and a half years, I have so many friends from various countries all around the world, China, India, Iran, Sweden, Russia, Japan, Korea, etc, who got their BS MS or PhD degrees from the US colleges, then work in the US high-tech industry. I have to say that my friends and their employer all have benefited a lot from the STEM extension.

1. I start with students. As international students studying STEM majors, working is as important as education in the career life for STEM major students because working trains the students how to apply the knowledge learned in class to practical problems in the industry. Therefore, we came to the US, who has the most advanced college education and the best policies to support international students with a legal status to work in the best environment for High-tech industry. STEM extension plays a most important role in this process. US government only issues a limited number of working visa to new international graduates, so without STEM extension most of the international students needs to go back to their home country without any training in the industry. Such students are not competitive in their home countries job market. An example is the salary survey from China, the average salary of new graduates with foreign degrees but not industrial experience is actually lower than the students with the same level of domestic degrees with or without working experience. So it is fair that after devoting a large amount of money and time in the US, the International student can get a chance to better train themselves in the industry even if they are not issued a working visa before they return to their home country.

2. As for the employers, the benefit is even larger. Normally an industrial project will last for more than 1 year. If the employee who works on this project leaves it is very hard for others to pick