Thanks for the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule.

I would be speaking for majority of the american tech worker population, when I say that the proposed rule would be detrimental to the interests of american workers. DHS had a real opportunity to reform the OPT program to give a fair treatment to American workers with this rule, but the proposed rule falls short in several areas that I listed below -

1. The biggest weakness of the OPT program has always been that its a subsidy for employers as they are exempt from FICA taxes, which can result in substantial savings for employers over long term. This makes them tacitly discriminate against American works. This rule does nothing to address this shortcoming. The rule should change to make the employers pay the FICA taxes when hiring OPT students

2. The provisions to make sure employers paying the OPT workers same wage as American workers are quite weak. I have worked with OPT workers in my previous jobs. Most of these workers are under a lot of pressure to obtain H1b visas from their current employer. So, they work for any kind of wages as long as the employer is willing to sponsor them a H1b visa. The only way to enforce this is to modify the rule to make sure the employers submit a Labor condition application to certify that they are going to pay the OPT student the current prevailing wage.

3. The duration for which the OPT student is allowed to work in most cases will be substantially longer than the time the F-1 student spends in school. Most of the F-1 students coming in STEM fields come to study Masters degrees in US universities, which in most cases take around 1 year to 1.5 year to complete. It does not make any sense to let these students do an internship for 3 years, given that most of them did a 1 year course. It would make a little more sense to give Phd grads 3 years of work permit, but for Masters grad its just a completely illogical thing to do. So, the rule should be modified to give the 3