Sen Ma I do support the extension of OPT and STEM. This is not just because I am a foreign student and I am on behalf of myself, but because from what I have seen, based on the statistics of previous years, international students have been becoming more and more indispensable to not only US economy, but also the acceleration of globalization in America. There has to be a reason why more and more international students are trying to enter US educational institution and American industries are increasingly offering job positions to international students. This is obviously a win-win situation to both America and these students.

According to the statistics of the Institute of International Education, international students make great contributions to US economy which can reach as high as 21 billion US dollars per year. In recent years, from what I have learnt, the student structure of public universities (like Berkeley and UCLA) has been going through extreme changes --- every year more than 15 percent of students are international students. These students will not only bring huge revenue to the universities by paying tuition, in the meantime they bring up the whole state economy through their life expenses such as accommodation, medical care and transportation. In previous years, more than 60 percent of international students who got their PhD degrees in America will choose to stay and work for at least five years, and this percentage would reach as high as 80% and 90% in terms of Chinese students and Indian students, respectively. This is a treasure to the US economy which cannot be ignored.

Meanwhile, international students do perform well in all walks of life. Michael Young, principal of University of Washington, Seattle, admitted that globalization is the key to the success in the future in an interview a few years before. He thought that international students have been performing really well at the university, which accompanied the trend of globalization because the gap between countries has been decreasing in the past few years. Software industries, hardware industries and communication companies are full of international students. The reason why the employers are willing to offer positions to these students is because they are smart, hardworking and diligent. 

I would admit that the presence of international students will take up lots of Americans' job positions. But it is always good to maintain a competitive environment. America cannot handle the loss of hundreds and thousands of international students who are making great contributions to US economy in a very short period of time. This rule needs to pass.

Thanks.
