I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.
As a prospective international student , I would be pursuing a STEM degree and is expected to graduate in the year 2018 with a Master's in the field of Information Systems. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, every year I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes.The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Graduates.The proposal to reinstitute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. This experiential learning will allow me to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in a professional setting.The additional OPT time will provide me with more broad exposure to industries and organizations to aid in personally developing and exploring career possibilities as well as creating a professional network. These benefits also will encourage future international students to join STEM programs in the U.S. and allow U.S. companies to remain competitive globally.The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Employers. 
Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest technologies in the field. Expanding opportunities for STEM graduates benefits employers in high-tech industries by helping them to maintain connections with colleges and increase visibility on cam