I strongly agree on this OPT STEM rule. It can benefit Americans. 

First, the OPT STEM rule can attract more international students to come to study in the US, and the high tuition and fee will enhance American economics. The total international student enrollment in the US is 886,052 in the school year 2013-14 based on http://www.iie.org/Services/Project-Atlas/United-States/International-Students-In-US. Each students tuition and fee are around $40,000 per year. The total tuition fee for international students per year is around $35,000,000,000. If we abolished the OPT STEM rule, there would be less international students coming to the US for study because the tuition and fee are very high and they dont have enough chances to work in the US to apply what they learn from school and get back their tuition and fee from work. In this case, US would lose that 35 billion dollars, which is a big drop in education. People may doubt that international students will all get their tuition and fee back by working, and that will do no good to USs benefit. However, that is not true in reality because only a small amount of international students can get a job after school in the US, so overall America still gets the profit. Thus, its very necessary to keep the OPT STEM rule to have US economics keep increasing. 

Second, high technologies in science and engineering are partially supported by international students and employees. There are a number of international employees in IT companies. They are doing a non-substitutive role in IT industry. Abolishing the OPT STEM rule and letting them leave the US will be a disaster for American IT industry. In addition, there are quite a few of international researchers in different areas of research institutes and universities. They are doing a great contribution to academic research. Keeping the 24-month OPT STEM will encourage more people to come to join research work in the US. The advanced scientific research can somehow improve human