I strongly support this proposition, both for myself and for this great country. 

As an engineering student currently working under F-1 OPT visa myself, I would love to have longer time to practice the skills and knowledge I learned in this country in a real job. A lot of the mentors in my career have suggested keeping the first job for at least 2-3 years to truly learn something from it. With extended F1 OPT visa, some of us don't need to go through the hassle of applying for H1B (which becomes more and more competitive these days). Instead, we could get enough training and then return to our home country. With limited time of F-1 OPT, some of us are forced to apply for H1B, and forced to stay here longer given the difficulty of obtaining a H1B visa again. 

Currently, I work in a research and development department in a structural engineering company. This is also the most diverse group within the company. We have several PHDs, and some really talented engineers from all over the world. This atmosphere and cultural diversity not only bring different ideas to the group, but also encourage different approaches for problem solving and outlook for the industry. 

Also, this group brought a connection with India. Our company just opened an Indian office several years ago and it brought so much more income and profits to our company, which benefits all employees.

Maybe local people tend to regard international students as invaders, but we are not. Several researches have shown that immigrants, (especially those with advanced degrees) don't steal jobs from local people, instead, they create more incomes and revenues, which boosts the economy. It is very hard for local people to possess the same point of view as us, because we have been local for our own country, and new comers for USA. This multiple view has sharpened our ideas for this issues of "immigrants". 

It is immigrants that bring difference and cultural tolerance to this great country, and establish the great