Yu Cheng I strongly support this OPT STEM extension rule, for the following reasons:

1. F-1 STEM students are some of the most talented individuals from the world. Keeping them in the US benefits US companies, which in turn benefits the US economy and all the American people.

2. Some people believe that OPT STEM workers create unfair competition against US citizens; however, this hardly makes sense. The most prominent argument says that OPT workers do not pay FICA taxes so they are cheaper to hire, but that is just 7.65% of savings for the employer. Jobs in the STEM fields aren't like cashiers or clerks that need only a few days of training; a software engineer, for example, usually needs around 6 months to ramp up and be able to contribute. Employers won't switch to a different person just for 7.65% of savings, especially if they are only able to stay for less than 3 years; the amount of training needed, and the amount of specific knowledge lost by laying off the existing person, cannot be worth the 15% of savings. Some may also think that companies may prefer to initially hire foreign students than American citizens, but fresh graduates and juniors are paid significantly less than mid-level and senior job positions (for example, senior software engineer is paid 89% higher than junior, according to PayScale), so the initial difference of 7.65% is too small to be a concern; companies would rather focus on hire someone that is more qualified than because they are foreign, and for someone more qualified they would very happily pay even 10% more to begin with.

3. Removing the STEM extension so abruptly will disrupt the lives of all the existing F-1 OPT students. They have been promised a 29-month period of stay and made commitments around that promise, but these commitments will give them emotional and financial difficulties if the STEM extension disappears. That seems really unfair. Many people, including myself, left their family and friends in their home country to come study in the US, and after rebuilding a life in the US for many years they are told they have to go back? I think that's a quite inhumane thing to do. These students are among the best the world has to offer; they can only improve the US in the long term, so why be so harsh on them?
