Siyang Du The cancellation of OPT extension greatly hurts the US economy, whereas expanding OPT training for F1 students greatly benefit the US economy and international influence. 

First of all, US labor market goes out of balance and tech companies lose competitiveness. The demand for STEM students in the labor force is created by the US economy/market, not by the will of any individual student. US economy needs skilled workers in the high-tech industry, and this demand is not fulfilled by US citizens ( if the labor market demand were already fulfilled by US citizens, F1 students would be going to other countries without being asked to). If we abruptly cancel OPT extension, students who are already employed would be forced to leave US and the decrease in labor supply would drastically upset the market equilibrium. We can foresee a shortage of high-tech workers and wages in the high tech industry to rise. Then, the prices of all technology products would rise, and US companies lose competitiveness in the world market. What's more, these students would go back to China, India, Singapore, Canada, etc. all of which are competitors with US companies. US companies lose both brain power, productivity and face increase in costs. What would happen is that the high-tech industry would be outsourced to foreign countries altogether, which hurts US workers even more. 

Secondly, canceling OPT extension hurts the US higher education system. Practical training is an integral part of any student's education. If OPT extension were canceled, US higher education would become less attractive to international students. US loses its prestige as a education leader in the world. Students would turn to countries with friendlier immigration laws, such as Australia. US also loses the chance to culturally influence the brightest young peoples in the world. Also, international students pay about twice the tuition as in-state American students and their consumption contributes to US economy.

The benefits of longer OPT is significant. 

Firstly, longer OPT gives students better chance to apply their knowledge and skills and lets companies get more productivity out of workers that they spend months training. It's more cost-effective for US tech companies to retain fresh hires longer than a year. US would be more attractive to F1 students, and more will come to the US to complete their education. This brings consumption, tourism, etc. and is beneficial to the US economy. 

Secondly, F1 students are all young people who do not create any burden on the US welfare system but are at their prime age to work. Their work contributes to the diversity of tech products and lowers the price of products. ALL AMERICAN PEOPLE, whether they work in the tech industry or not, benefit if PRICES ARE LOWER. This is built upon the cheap human labor of international students. 

Last and most importantly, F1 students DO NOT take away job opportunities from US citizens, they are simply fulfilling the demand for labor in the high-tech industry. Unless US population can increase overnight, or people can become graduates at STEM majors easily, this shortage cannot be resolved, and the result is chaos in the US tech industry. Just looking at unemployment rates of all industries and saying that US workers are being competed out of jobs is questionable: a collapsing auto industry that lays off workers by no means imply that the tech industry is collapsing. The workers laid off from manufacturing companies cannot shift to tech companies without years of education and training. What American people should worry about is keeping tech jobs on American soil, and kicking international students out of the country does exactly the opposite.
