Kairui Jin I strongly support OPT STEM extension.

First of all, it is vital to the success of our country, United States. We have world best quality universities and provide education to all smartest students in the world. If we let them stay to work several years after graduation, they could make more contribution to Unites States. Our country is strongest because of we have the best people- the most smart scientists, the most wisdom engineer, the best scholars in the world. This policy is attractive to these people to provide opportunity to make US stronger than forever. If OPT expansion was abandoned, these people would even not come to US. For example, the universities in France, England, German and other European countries could also provide world class education with far less tuition than US. We are giving other countries the opportunity to surpass America. Even though they decided to study in US for the quality education, without OPT expansion, they would still return to their own countries to let them start the business, lead research, contribute to their country. It would be a huge lose to America.

Secondly, OPT expansion policy would also create more jobs, contribute to economy boom in US. On one hand, many of international students come to US to seek education. At the same time, they would also create incentive to different industry. If they are in US, whether in studying or OPT after graduation, they are buying US products everyday. They spend their money to their daily life. So they would bring more sale to supermarkets, malls, restaurants and other daily related industry. On the other hand, universities would also use international students intuition to support the research of professors. It is common that the intuition of international students is far more than our citizens. Besides, many international students also open their start ups with good ideas, recruiting more people in start up. For example, Nvidia, the largest manufacture of graphics processing units (GPUs) in the world, is created by a Taiwanese, named Jen-Hsun Huang. The foundation of Nvidia is so profound since it without Nvidia no general purpose GPU, no advancement in deep learning - a revolutionary achievement in artificial intelligence, no modern video games with lavish visual effects but still running smoothly on your laptop, and our supercomputers would be hundreds of thousand times slower than what we actually have now. 

Lastly, I know many of our citizens think OPT policy makes local American students more difficult to find a job. I believe they are very short-sighted and selfish. Do you think we have enough best engineer and scientists? Obviously not true. So many countries like India, China, UK, German want to spend large amount of money to attract them to make their contribution. But what are we doing? Trying to expel and restrict them. It does not make any sense. 

In summary, the OPT expansion policy would definitely be beneficial to our great country, United States. We use our best quality education and good policy- OPT expansion to attract world best people to US, let them make contribution to the prosperity of USA.
