I am in full support of the new OPT extension regulations because it will create a win-win-win situation among international students, American corporations and American citizens.

I want to start by clearing up some facts, from both media reports and my personal experience. There is substantial evidence showing that US is in lack of STEM workers. USA today reports that more than half of the advanced STEM degrees conferred by US universities goes to international students. Why? because there is fewer and fewer american students taking those subjects and creating a hole in the supply. I personally holds a Ph.D. degree in Materials Science and Engineering from MIT, and half of my class were international students. I now works as a process engineer in Lam Research, a US leading semiconductor equipment company. While my company is almost hiring every US Ph.D. holder applying to the company, most of my colleagues were still born outside United States. Why? Because either there is so few US citizens interested in such jobs, or they are not qualified enough. There is definitely a shortage of STEM workers in the country, and international students are NOT competing with Americans for these jobs.

Just add my personal anecdote: I had so many companies turning me down just because I was not US permanent resident or US citizen. US companies are definitely giving priorities to hiring US citizens.

Secondly on the tax issues. It is true that OPT holders are exempt from social security tax and medicare tax, but OPT holders, or even F-1 students, pay US income taxes. USCIS has no jurisdiction over tax status and it is up to IRS and social security administration to determine that. If an OPT holder manages to stay in the nation as he got H1 or other types of visa, he begins to pay social security tax and medicare tax immediately. The OPT time is insignificant compared to the total length he pays social security tax. If he decided to leave after OPT, he is also not eligible for any 