I am 85 years of age, a retired professional engineer, registered in CA. During my career in the market place I saw, met and/or worked directly with foreign born engineers (and some times under such supervisors) that had been educated in their home country and/or in the USA. Many claimed PHDs who only had the equivalent of an American technical school education (if even that --- checking on resumes was weak to non-existent, and many claimed their records were losdt in the war or behind the Iron curtain). Vvoice and written communications were very often a problem most never overcame. In fact, some close such friends confided in me that they were advised to maintain their thick accents because it helped enabled them to obtain much higher saleraries than they otherwise could. Also, in many technical presentations I found most of them dropped back to a far loweer quality of English than they were capable of to elude being trapped in by a technical error that they had made. Another set of tricks they used was to drop definite and indefinite articles and the use of improper verbs, until their audience coujld not understand what they were saying, and they subject would be dropped. Those of us that spoke English had no such smoke screen to hide under. If we made an error in speech or in writing we either corrected it immediately or were detected as being wrong or fraudulent. Many of them were raised or brought up in environments where the adage "honesty is a virtue that only the rich can afford" was a simple fact of life. So one should expect many such people to be fraudulent. But we need to screen them to assure we detect and block the entry of such people by very tight screening and verifying credentials. 
Furthermore, we have almost always had plenty of qualified American citizens with adequate technical training for any project I was aware of. In fact there were usually more qualifiede people than there were challenging jobs. Today the situation is even worse. Far more