Aditya Kumar Ravikanti 11 November 2015

The Honorable Jeh Johnson
Secretary of Homeland Security
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I am a Graduate student in Computer Science at the University of Kansas (KU). 50% of KU graduate students are international students and a vast majority of those are in the United States on F-1 visas. I and many of my colleagues will be strongly affected by the Proposed Rule.

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. I'm particularly excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months.
I and many of my colleagues are planning to use OPT after graduation.
OPT and OPT extension is important to me and US economy equally. 
I am a Computer Science student and my reasons may surround in the software domain. These specific reasons may well be applicable to other domains also.

There are about 80 international graduate students in Electrical Engineering and Computer Science department at University of Kansas. Most of these students have prior working experience in their respective countries. They certainly have good understanding of basic concepts of their domain due to the undergraduate education. They have developed a passion for their fields and came to USA to further satiate their interest in their domains. 

The world class education, facilities and infrastructure are surely going to benefit any student and help him gain more knowledge. Engineering is all about solving real world problems applying what we learn in the classrooms. Although the university education gives a chance to do some practicals, it cannot compensate the real world experience. OPT exactly helps here and helps students understand the subtle nuances in their domain which in turn helps them learn more. 

In this process students help solve companies different engineering problems in a creative way like never before.

And having a 24 months extension will make students more experienced and make them feel more confident. Also, this helps in attracting more and more students for education to US. US is a favorite study destination for decades and is majorly due to the OPT rule.

Students with graduate degrees understand things better and know exactly what they are doing. 
Most of the international students in my EECS departments were skilled enough to get an internship at various companies and also the companies have offered full times. The productivity of a graduate student is higher and will help foster the rate at which an end product is out in the market.

Also, this is a startup revolution in USA and each year many startups become successful and go public on nasdaq.
Here is an interesting article about the role of internationals in startup world.
http://www.fastcompany.com/3015616/the-shocking-stats-about-whos-really-starting-companies-in-america
This says "FULLY A THIRD OF VENTURE-BACKED COMPANIES THAT WENT PUBLIC BETWEEN 2006 AND 2012 HAD AT LEAST ONE IMMIGRANT FOUNDER AT THE HELM."

Allowing for STEM OPT extension will give a chance for the students to learn more and help them start companies or provide services to companies which will in turn make this world a better place. This also fosters the US economy which is already booming.

I am very concerned with the possibility that the ability of students to make use of the STEM OPT Extension might be disrupted by recent court actions, upcoming court actions, and delays in this rulemaking process. I commend DHS for working quickly to prepare this new Proposed Rule.

I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to F-1 students.


Best,
Aditya Kumar Ravikanti.
