I wholeheartedly support this proposed policy by the State Department. There are several reasons why I support this extension to the F1 OPT period. 

First, by allowing bright foreign students to remain here for some time after graduation, they will be contributing to the American economy and serve American firms. This will only serve the long-term interests of America. This country has been built and enriched by immigrants who are smart and hardworking. There is no reason to send these bright students back to India and China and make India and China richer and more competitive than the United States. If America educates bright people, it should also make use of their talent, sending them back to China and India would not be a smart policy from a national interest standpoint. 

Second, some people might think that allowing students who stay here for another 24 months will induce competition and cause American workers to lose their jobs. However, the whole foundation of the market economy is based on competition and would make the economy more dynamic and growth-oriented. In the long run, if first are doing well, the economy is doing well and everyone will benefit. Imagine what would happen if America sends back all the highly educated professionals, professors and students. It's innovative capacity would then suffer enormously. Also, we need to remember that the F1 extension applied only to highly skilled people with degrees in math, sciences and engineering. Losing these people to other competitors would be a loss to the United States. 

With these considerations in mind, I support the proposed policy proposal. In addition, I support not only the extension of the F1 OPT period for STEM majors, but also social science fields. Just as America needs young engineers, so they need economists, policy researchers, sociologists, and political scientists. The social science field is getting more and more data driven, and graduates from social science majors are increasingly