I didn't see any reason to say even A bad word to this extension rule. I strongly support this decision, and it's should have come earlier!!!!!!!! My opinion and reason for supporting this is simple, I believe every U.S. citizen who can think rationally can think about this by themselves.

Why the government of the United States would come up with OPT program for F1 student? Obviously, it's a strategy to attract excellent students, talents and elites all over the world. There are many great universities in other countries want to attract more excellent students to make them more strong. Compared to them, one of the advantages the United States has is post graduate OPT program for international students to practice their skills. If the OPT program was rejected, that means hundreds of thousand F1 students who need OPT extension would have to go back to where they came from, like China, Japan, Korea and India. And at the same, less and less excellent students from other countries would choose to go to US universities. Most international students are very outstanding, they play an important role in many industries in the US. If these students have to leave the States due to out of status, many companies would suffer from the lost of powerful workforce, especially in STEM related industries like IT. Of course some people would benefit from it - those who complain that international students are taking their jobs from United States citizens. However, this is short-sighted. It's is true international students take some of the jobs from US citizens, but this is decided by the nature of this country. One of the reasons why US is the greatest country in the world is that the States have diversities. This country welcomes talents and elites all over the world, because this would make the country stronger. This is a non-retrogression process, just like the first immigrations came to the land of American and took Indians land and resources. It's painful and cruel, but the histor