It will be a milestone for the U.S. to take this new Optional Practical Training STEM extension policy and I strongly support it. This new policy will definitely benefit the whole country. First of all, this new extension policy will inspire and encourage more potential students majoring STEM come to study in the U.S. than ever. Their coming will bring significant support to the U.S. economy, since more and more students get financed from themselves or their family, but not from the U.S. government or college. they will pay their tuition, will spend money in the grocery store, will purchase the clothing in the retail, will need to put money on their phone service, maybe they will need a vehicle and spend money to get themselves a car from dealer and maintain the service and insurance, get gas for their car. All these would benefit relating companies and have the chance to stimulate them to make more job openings, which further would help lower the unemployment rate. The report from Institute of International Education (IIE) showed that there were 8.86 million of international student studied in the U.S. in 2013/2014 and the report from indicated that the international students and their families contributed to the U.S. economy with 2.68 billion dollars. Say if half of this contribution was from the students majoring STEM, that was 1.34 billion dollars, which was quite close to the net income of Target in 2014. This 24 months policy allows STEM students to stay in the U.S. 7 months longer than the old temporary policy issued by DHS, which means they would bring roughly another half billion dollars contributing to the U.S. economy. It could be the cardiotonic and firmly support to the recovering U.S. economy.

Other than the money and further contribution to the economy, the longer time for them staying in the U.S. benefits the company hiring these students as well, which is much more important. Have a look at the Globe 500 by Fortune, there are 17 American companies 