The US has been attracting international talents in STEM to study and work for the US by offering them fellowships and fundings during their study. Many of the students who has benefited from this action won't be able to contribute their knowledge to STEM fields in the long run without OPT extension, since they will have to leave the country soon after completion of their education. Projects in STEM usually takes more than 3 years to finish. For example, the average length of cycles in drug development is more than five years, and it takes 2-3 years to complete a software engineering project. Terminating OPT extension will cause a huge lose to the US, since it basically means the US wants to give up its investment on educating talents from the past and leave the benefits to their competitors. Many of the high-tech, pharmaceutical and business companies will suffer from this consequence. I don't see how this would help increase job opportunities for US citizens, since the US companies might gradually lose its competitiveness in the global market. 

I can also foresee how terminating OPT extension could affect the education industry of the US, since such a policy would largely discourage students from pursuing higher education in the US. The number of international students in the US has been increasing over the years, and their educational expense has been a big source of funding to support the continuous development of American universities as well as creating more job opportunities for the natives. As one of those international students, I would have chosen to study and work for other countries if I knew I wouldn't have a good chance of getting further training opportunities for my career after graduation. Although temporarily there might seem to be less competition on the job market, the US companies would be paying more for missing the opportunities of recruiting people with STEM expertise in the long run. 

It is also not true that OPT students have advantages i