I strongly agree with the extension of OPT for the STEM major students.

The STEM major related companies are really important for the prosperity of United States. Those companies create unbelievable amazing technologies for both the citizen living standards and even make progress for the whole human kind. This is one of the most important reason that USA can be called the greatest country in the world. They don't just make their country great, they make progress for the whole world.

The students who wants and need the OPT is the students who are qualified for the jobs that created by the most high profitable and valuable companies. This means, these students are good at their major, those companies such as Google, Apple, MicroSoft, and many other companies in software, hardware, etc, have really high standard for their employees. The students who get their job but don't have the working visa can only work with the OPT. Good workers for great companies only make greater companies. And the prosper of these companies can reflect the greatest and strength of The United States of America. 

Meanwhile, these great companies came from small companies at first. Still, these small companies have high standard for their employees, and the students who needs OPT are those who are qualified enough for the jobs. The students who graduate from STEM major can truly make their contribution to the developing of those small companies. There are just some many live examples happening in the Silicon Valley everyday.

However, the H1b visa has a low possibility for those students to get, they can only get the chance to work for USA in a OPT type visa. This extension of OPT can truly give those good students more job opportunities and create more profit for the whole America society. These students are hard worker, never break any laws, have good manners, and all they want is to make a contribute for their company. 
If stops the extension, many students won't have the chance to contrib