America has best schools and universities in the world. Students or successful businessmen study in America is a good thing to America. People in the world choose American schools and Universities rather than their own countries university because of trust. After they spend time in America, their life and learning experience will attract more people coming. It is a good thing for American. Smart student always want to attend American University. Professor always having best students in the world helping their research without spending too much time on hiring smart students or offering a large number of money. So if without the extension, smart students want to stay in American or seeking a job, where can they go? High level educated smart students only can come back to their home country, like India, British, China. It is a not good thing for America. America should have a better immigration system to integrate or attract smart students staying here and help the country develop and grow fast or recover from the 2008 Financial Crisis rather than kick them out. Now I figure out that few of America children really good at area of Mathematics, Statistics, or even engineering. If the country can not attract those expect in American or kick them out, market from those area gradually will occupy by any other country. America should definitely offer the extension to F1 students who can build our country better, easier and more convenient. Don't be a parochialism. Their effort will help us to win the World and continuing get the world. What if those students come back to their own country to contribute their knowledge and efforts to their own country? It is really a bad thing to America. At that time and at that point, we can be beat quickly and takes a longer time to win back. We are one of the immigration country and that's one of the reason we always can have the best people who build the country, love the country and don't want to leave the country. Don't let this kind o