I fully support the proposed change of the F1 OPT STEM extension. I believe that this increased duration of practical training will be greatly beneficial for science & technology development and economic growth in the U.S. STEM graduate students receive valuable education here at U.S., mostly supported by government or private foundation funding, and it makes completely no sense to a society to create obstacles on purpose to prevent these highly educated STEM immigrants from giving back to the society. In such a competitive global environment, high-skilled personnel in STEM is the key to economic growth. This of and in itself speaks for the importance of the proposed change on OPT, which will help to keep these valuable workforces. 

Most people oppose this proposal argue that STEM immigrants are substitute for native workers, as they are willing to be paid less than native workers. This is wrong for several reasons.
(1)Unemployment in STEM fields is much lower than the national average of 6.2% in 2014. For example, there are currently five job openings for every one unemployed computer worker, and surveys on employer actually show that some companies suffer from high cost and losses due to hiring difficulties. 
(2)The augment is heavily based on the assumption a limited number of jobs are available that if a spot taken by an immigrant will take away that of a native worker. This logic ignores the dynamic effects, e.g. the job taken by a high-skilled immigrant will generate service jobs and drive increases in wages for local workers. In addition, as mentioned, STEM immigrants are high skilled workers and often the best in their own countries; they can create jobs through creativity and innovation. Countless examples can be found among the Silicon Valley entrepreneurs.
(3)Lastly, there is NO convincing data to show that STEM immigrants are paid less than native workers. Indeed, by examining H-1B wage data in various IT and engineering occupations, one could find that