There is no doubt that expanding training opportunities for F-1 nonimmigrant student is a win-win solution to maximize the productivity that are coming from international student . In 2008, America was suffering a huge economic depression. The unemployment rate was dropped tremendously and a lot of companies are forced to shut down. A fewer of them are able to survive by barely stands on the board lane of closing themselves.This even includes all the banks. For example, City bank's stock was dropped up to near 1 dollars. So many people are unable to pay off their loan. people lost their confident and hope on their life and career. According the Official status from US government , during that period the amount of international students are only 671,616 compare to the amount of 886,052 students in 2013. As more and more international student entering US during that depressed period, US economy were rase up from -0.92% in 2008 to 4.00% in 2015. This growth amount is still growing as more and more F-1 student brings their effort to the US.
Many of the companies are able to back to route by hiring top experts from outside of US and many of them are international students that are holding F-1 Visa. Those people have developed and contributes to so many products that are currently plays an extremely important role or having a huge impact in American's life. For example, Google Map, I-phone, 3-D printer etc. Most of products have a footprint from those smart people. But they are suffering the restriction of 1-year OPT. We are unable to still have them as part of the main productivity in the US. And there is no doubt that being losing those productivity from them have resulting a huge delay to world's revolution and invention. 
Not Only those people brings the technology they have learned and invented from school, But also on the other hand they also brought a huge amount of contributions to US tourism as they constantly invite their parent and relatives to US. Many tourism