First of all I agree with the policy extending OPT for STEM students to longer period. Many of my friends, who are against this policy hold point of view that F-1 students' entering into job market may cause unemployment rate of US citizen go higher. Being curious on whether it is really the case, I did some research:
http://www.bls.gov/news.release/empsit.t04.htm 
according to this link, statistically, more than 76.2% unemployed people hold a high school degree of lower level of education, while considering international students this policy applies to, all of them have a master degree or higher to enter a job market. Obviously, these two group of people hardly overlap or compete with each other in job searching. 
Talking about total number of OPT students in STEM, compare with total number of US unemployed citizen, it's too small a portion. While by driving these students away from the states, US is facing a bigger challenge of getting labors in STEM filed.
"In many of these countries, the predicted shortfall of STEM (short for science, technology, engineering, and mathematics) workers is supposed to number in the hundreds of thousands or even the millions. A 2012 report by President Obamas Council of Advisors on Science and Technology, for instance, stated that over the next decade, 1 million additional STEM graduates will be needed. In the U.K., the Royal Academy of Engineering reported last year that the nation will have to graduate 100 000 STEM majors every year until 2020 just to stay even with demand. Germany, meanwhile, is said to have a shortage of about 210 000 workers in whats known there as the MINT disciplinesmathematics, computer science, natural sciences, and technology." This comment is from webpage http://spectrum.ieee.org/at-work/education/the-stem-crisis-is-a-myth. Another thing I found is, I have been teaching undergraduate students Physics in one of University of California for roughly two years, and chatting with them surprise me, that even ve