Dear Legislation Officers,

I strongly support this proposed rule of improving and Expanding OPT period for F-1 student with STEM majors.
Many STEM students are working in science or engineering related fields. A common thing in such occupations is that it requires a systematic and long-period training. Take myself as an example, I graduated from Rice University this May with a PhD degree in physics. Now I'm working in a oil company analyzing seismic data. The job doesn't require a geology background, but it included the geology related knowledge in its 2-month training, with lots of follow-up training throughout the year. Now, after nearly half an year, I finally feel that I begin to contribute to the company, using all the skills I have learned from my PhD together with the knowledge I just learned in the past 6 month. 
Imagine in a situation where an F-1 student can only work for one year after graduation, is the company still willing to investigate that much on an employee? Especially with the odd of H1B approval getting lower and lower, such investigation is more like a gambling instead of reasonable choice.
And the fundamental question is still why STEM students are so important to America and American companies. I don't think I need to put too much words on this topic, since we all know how new technology and new invention drives this country to be the best of the world, and how foreigners contribute to these groundbreaking techniques. In the physics department of Rice, only half of the graduate students are Americans. It might sound like an extreme case, but a growing ratio of foreign students in STEM departments in top schools is definitely happening. And it is not because that American students are replaced by F-1 students, but because, with a decreasing interest in science and technology among American students, F-1 students filled the vacancy. And it's the same thing for the high-tech companies. The benefit is mutual.

You may think my point of view is s