To whom it may concern:

I am in vehement opposition to the proposed rule to expand a program called Optional Practical Training (OPT), which gives employers financial incentives to hire foreign students over Americans.

However, before the rule can go into effect, it must go through a public comment period. The Obama administration attempted to bypass the public process but a lawsuit on behalf of U.S. tech workers forced them to comply. Ian Smith explains why my comment is critical to stopping the rule:

"Because DHS must respond to each comment, they'll have to fully explain themselves and fix many of the problems raised. And the longer it takes for them to respond, the more likely they'll miss the court-appointed deadline."

About this, I have been shocked to find out this, about the OPT program that DHS proposes to expand:

OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds. 
General Facts About The Optional Practical Training Program (OPT):
The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program.
There are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the U.S. in addition to 98,000 in 12-month OPT programs and 30,000 in 29-month OPT programs. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines the job opportunities for American STEM workers.
OPTs are sought after by employers because they tend to be younger (cheaper) than their American competitors. Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range