I think this rule is very important and will have a strong positive effect on American education and economy.
First of all, this rule will enable sufficient training after students graduate. Training is inalienable to learning. Through training, a student is able to practice what he or she learns from the class. Training is the bridge that connect real world problems and ivory tower theories and equations. But training takes time. With this rule, international students will have a good opportunity to practice what he learned, thus explore the value of American higher education to the maximum.
Second, this rule will also attract more students from all over the world, thus add diversity to the American higher education. Expanding the training opportunities for international students will be attractive for those who are intelligent, hard working but can't afford the high tuition fees. They now have a good chance to save enough money during their training period to cover their tuition fees. This rule will also attract those who will be afraid that a short training period is useless in their career paths. The total training period of three years will sure help them learn how the industry works better than they one year training period. This rule will also attract those who are afraid they can't stay at U.S longer enough to fully appreciate the greatness of the American society. This rule will help them gain a good impression and give them long enough time to make friends among Americans. When they return to their home country, they can be "ambassadors" of the American higher education, the American society and American companies. 
Last, I am not unaware that there are some comments regarding this rule as a threat to Americans' working opportunities. However, the working opportunities are not fixed, but varying. With more students, there are more need for food, houses, cars and services. This will create more working opportunities. So let us not see this rule as a sign of