I STRONGLY support this new rule, which has a lot of benefits to America. 

First of all, each year, hundreds of thousands high-quality STEM students around the word to America to pursue their bachelor, master or PhD degrees. They spend a lot of money (from $60,000 to $20,000 on average) on their academic program. The aim of learning is to make practice. The reason that STEM students are willing to spend so much money studying in America is that America provides a lot of opportunities for STEM students to make practice with OPT program. If OPT extension is cancelled, many students will choice other countries, like British, Japan, Singapore, Canada, etc for study. America academic Institutes will lose many high-quality students,which will no doubt harm the competitiveness, as well as revenue. Other related impact cannot be ignored, like rent market. In term of my own experience, when I studied in Northeastern university during 2012-2014, most of houses and apartments in Malden, Quincy, Cambridge, etc are rent by foreign students(more than 50% of them are STEM students). If foreign students decreases, it will definitely have bad impact on local rent market.

Second, a lot of programs in company takes more than one year. OPT extension is definitely needed to guarantee such programs can be completed. Failure of completing programs have bad impact on both companies and STEM students. Company cannot get benefits from those aborted programs and STEM students cannot get enough practice. What's more, STEM students usually need several months to find a position in a company after they graduate. The time spent on program is usually less than 1 year. Taking myself as an example, I joined in Facebook in February, about one month after OPT started. After 2 months training, I joined in an important team. I work on a very important A/B testing platform program which is used by more than 20 teams and directly have impact on revenue. I have worked on it for about 6 months, but still 