I strongly SUPPORT the new 24 month-extension proposal for STEM field. 

First of all, this new policy will absolutely boost the science and technology development in US in the long term. The prosperity of US and its dominating status in science and engineering industry is substantially because of the contributions from STEM talents coming from all around the world. Rejecting the international students/talents to work here after their graduation is a big loss to US economy development, and will be detrimental to the healthy of society as a whole in the long run. Longer OPT should help them to polish their technical skills and most importantly let those STEM talents contribute to the overall industry, and therefore bring up more job opportunities for US.

Secondly, the longer STEP OPT will be more attractive to talents around the world, and helps to bring in even more of them to contribute to US. US has been doing an job in providing OPT for Stem students, and the policy has won a lot more international talents over other countries, such as UK. Without it, US will lose the edge, and be a lot less competitive. Why not providing a more attractive policy and drawing the best talented people to work for US? It is ridiculous to give up the STEM talents, and push them away. US needs the talents to build an even stronger country. 

Also, 24 months extension is most appropriate. Because most of the projects in industry and research fields go about 2~3 years long. The companies and research centers cannot bear the loss for having the STEM talents leaving during the projects, because of the current limited OPT duration. With the new extension, mutual benefits can be established, both for the students and the US companies/research centers. The industries can make the most of the international Stem talents before they leave. In the long term, this policy will no doubt enhance the US development in STEM fields, and benefit the US economy as a whole--lifting up the living standard