Personally I will SUPPORT the proposal of the STEM OPT extension for the following reasons,

Firstly as a foreign student who spent several years in the U.S, especially in these top scientific programs, the government should make effort to let the students who received academic and practical trainings at the U.S. Universities to work and make contributions to the U.S. It a win-win chose if the government provides the extension of STEM OPT for foreign students. In return, the students will work and contribute to the U.S society rather than leave the country with all the knowledge and skills theyve obtained from U.S.

Secondly I think as the land of brave and freedom, diversity is very important to the future of the country as it was in the past. Many international scholars and industry pioneers have done tons of important work to help the country advance and keep competitive around the world. For example, the president of my University is an asian, President Wallace Lou form the University of Maryland, who brings a lot of cooperations between UMD and those top universities in the Asia area. It is very important that the government would consider the extension of OPT seriously, given all the benefits the foreign students skilled in their major will bring to the U.S society in the upcoming several years. But now, they need the extension to keep their legal status in the U.S to find their job, a spot where they could make their contributions to the country, they just need an opportunity!

I do admit that competition exists everywhere around the world, not only in the U.S. Those who are worried so bad that the foreign students will steal the opportunities of those U.S citizens could relax for the following reasons. As I know, those foreign students with STEM majors DO NOT steal the opportunities for the U.S citizens. It is just the fact the many of the the jobs now both in industry and academia require or need people who may have foreign background to help them cooperate