I fully support lengthening STEM Extension Period for OPT to 24 months. This action will not only benefit international STEM students, but also strengthen the science/technological power of United States, maintain the economy growth, and finally create more job positions for both immigrates and citizens.

First, 24 months extension period will surely benefit the international STEM student, especially for recent years when the economy is stumbling. International students have already been tied with more restrictions than green card holder or citizen in many fields (Mechanical Engineer, EE, Environmental Management, etc.). It is really hard for STEM students to find a position within 1 year, which are hurdling their ability to contribute to this country. If the extension period can be lengthened from 17 months to 24 months, it will give STEM students more time to adjust themselves to the job market.

Second, lengthening the extension period from 17 months to 24 months will strengthen the science/technology power of United States. We all agree that the science/technological power is the key competitiveness of United States. However, it seems that: not everyone notices the fact that the science/technology power need people to contribute and do real research! Only when United States have people to do the research in science/technology can it beat other countries in the global competitions. As a result, STEM students are the most valuable resource to maintain the leading position of United States. International students consists a great portion of the population in STEM fields. The best strategy should be: keeping these STEM students in U.S, let them contribute to this country after getting the best training/education in U.S for several years. It will be stupid to push these STEM students back to other countries to increase their competitiveness over United States, using the best education they got from United States.

Third, keeping the STEM students could give them more