I'm shocked to see this comment and decide to make an argument to what this person mentioned.

The person wrote:

"I am unable to obtain professional work for which I trained due to intense competition including competition from many non-citizens. I earned BS in botany from Michigan State University, MS and PhD in plant pathology from Iowa State University, and later MS in statistics from University of Wisconsin--Madison. I worked in agricultural research for 10 years and worked for 15 years in medical and health research. I have publications in top journals (such as Archives of Ophthalmology affiliated with the Journal of the American Medical Association). I have good references. I lost my last professional job in January 2012 when all 3 of my closest coworkers were non-citizens, all in the process of renewing their visas. I was top of my consulting class, the capstone class for the MS in statistics. "

My view: OPT extension is applied to companies which are e-verified and will not place any discrimination regarding to nationality when they are making a decision who to recruit. The company has the right to choose whoever it believes are most valuable to itself. Many international students are particularly weak in language compared to American counterparts. But the company will still choose them. The only reason is that they are more excellent in academics and skills. In fact, this person seems to have mistakenly confused the people who are on F1 OPT status, who does not have to renew visas and will not remain in US for immigration purposes, with the people who competed with him for the job opening, who are H1B workers with an immigration intention. So the comparison he made here is not proper as a comment to this new rule. By the way, our government has not changed its H1B quota for quite a long time.

He wrote:

"Much of my job competition comes from the 75% of my fellow statistics students who were non-citizens. "

I'm not sure how he get this number from. If th