I think extending the OPT time for international students is a good progress in public policy. United States, indeed, is a country of immigrants. Without immigrants, there will not have a United States as today. Foreign has contribute much to this country and we shall see the positive side of these foreign. In addition, this international student has high degree such as Bachelor, Master, or even Doctor. They are very talent people and will just make this country success. The United States, if want to keep its super status in the global setting, it shall accept more talent people to the nation. Secondly, these international may or may not eventually become a permanent resident in this country. They are just getting experiences here and then will turn back to their home country for future employment. Thus, United States should not worry about the occupancy of the foreign. 

Many of the folks here are also worrying about that these international student will take away the job from the native-born American. Well, the truth is that, the requirement for international student for getting a job is very difficult. If you and those international student have the same quality for a job, the company will hire you first instead of international student. Thus. there is no need to worry about that you will lose a job. And America is a world of competition. In order to success, everyone needs to make their efforts no matter on academics or on job hunting. Native born American already has a advantage on job hunting, why still worry about the job and international students?

There are many more reason that I think it is a good thing to extend the OPT time for international student. It is not only making this talent people having more access on job seeking, but it also helps the United States to maintain a super power in the world. Furthermore, I think the policy should not just limit to the STEM Degrees, for those Non-STEM degree, the government and the congress should also consider 