As a US citizen and colleague of many STEM workers, I strongly endorse this legislation. USA is innovation driven economy, we are looking for the smartest and most qualified people to keep up with the rest of the world. It is asinine to think that a tech company would go for a cheaper resource (few grands) while compromising on the quality. That simply does not happen. I have personally been involved in recruitment process of many new hires, and hiring STEM workers is generally considered a risk since they cannot commit long term and typical projects last a couple of years. Nobody wants to train these people and let them go, so would rather hire an equally qualified US citizen. 

These opponents of the proposed rule, fail to understand that deporting STEM workers is not going to help the economy rather it will lead to more outsourcing of jobs since all these qualified people will be available at a different location and at much lower cost. In addition to that, many new start ups will mushroom from these developing economies to compete with ours. This is already happening in India, China etc. Keeping highly skilled people here will lead to growth of companies and hence job creation. 

The popular discussions on issues surrounding international students focus on whether or not to increase the H1-B quotas, or the misinformed notion that adding internationals to the US workforce lowers the salaries of US-born workers. Such individuals chose to ignore the research showing that actually it is the adding of foreign/remote workers, via outsourcing, is a truer cause of the downward pressure on US salaries. However, very little is discussed of their contributions to the US economy during their time of study and optional practical training. 

National Economic Benefit
Since 2004 the number of international students studying in the United States has grown at an annual rate of 4.5%. In 2014 a total of 886,052 international students (4% of total US higher education population) we