I DO SUPPORT the new OPT extension rules since it will not only benefit STEM degrees student, but American society in many fields. First, I heard that there are some ridiculous negative arguments against the new rule like, "The STEM students are stealing jobs from US citizens, and citizenship means less and less in this country". The person who drew those conclusions has not read through the new rule at all. The STEM students with OPT extension will only be eligible to work under their own corresponding major like Science, Technology, Engineer and Math, not some other jobs with low education requirements. Also, they could only work for the e-Verify companies, which have to pass the strict check by US government for their eligibility of hiring foreigners. Moreover, it is pretty easy to find out how eager the US high technology companies need well-educated employees to serve their cutting-edge business. Our smartphones, internet, macs and laptops need a lot of high tech students to work on that and maintain US domination position in those areas. However, US native high tech students are not enough to satisfy the increasing requirement of those companies, so that is why international students are employed to fill in the gap. What is even more ridiculous and unreasonable, some one said "the employment of international OPT students make the job hunting and business even harder for US students by introducing more competition." To argue with this opinion, I have to point out some "open secret" that is well known in high tech industry. When a position with lowest education requirement of undergraduate or better is posted by a high-tech company, employers or hiring managers tend to search the qualified US citizens first with Master or PhD degrees, and then the undergraduate citizens. But most of time, they could not find any strong candidates with good background and experience, so then they start to search candidates from the international students with PhD or post-Doc grad