To whom it may concern,

I am an international student and currently on my first 12-month OPT. In the past couple months, the intensity over the OPT STEM Extension issue has been climbing to its peak.It is to a point that the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) has to act quickly and revise the original 17-month extension rule that was vacated by a federal court, because it matters to hundreds of thousands international students and millions of Americans' future. Now DHS has published its new proposal of 24-month STEM Extension, but surprisingly I have read quite a lot of negative comments that are incorrect. Here is my point of view in favor of this new proposal. 

The international students who are on OPT STEM Extension have Not been "stealing" jobs from American workers, but creating More opportunities in America. The students who are eligible for this extension are the ones have incredible amount of knowledge in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics, and the jobs are taking on are not the ones that every person can perform.They will get those jobs not matter what because American employers admire those talents which help create revenues. American companies need those talents to boost its economy. That was the reason President Obama started the original 17-month STEM Extension back in 2008 to achieve this goal -- to bring back the prosperous American economy!Now American economy has been much better than 2008 because every year an increasing number of international students/scholars/researchers came to the U.S to make a contribution. They liked the fact that they could stay here longer under STEM Extension to gain valuable experience and contribute to their projects and research. Perhaps a lot of them, including me, want to stay in the U.S LEGALLY for their lives because this country provides freedom, opportunities, and success.

After my recent graduation I am planing on building a solar startup here in Detroit that aims to streamline the design pr