I strongly support OPT to be extended to 24 months for F-1 international students in STEM.

Many people opposed to this proposal are actually base their point on very ridiculous reasons. I can't tell any logic within those comments. It just looks like they are venting anger on their incapability to find a job, but not a convincing debate.

First of all, you at least need to know what is STEM. STEM means science, technology, engineering and math, and the related jobs are software developers, research scientists, data analysts, statistician, and etc. 

Then you need to know why there are such requirement to propose such a proposal by DHS. It is because that American students don't want to learn these majors. I haven't met even one American friend who didn't wince when he/she got to know my major is statistics. From their perspective, it is painful and boring to deal with numbers everyday, and to debug to midnight. Finance, business, medicine, law, and psychology are much cooler than STEM. Those are their favorites. 

People say American companies/government don't want to recruit American students. That's 100% not true. If an international student is competing one opening with an American student and they both are equally qualified, the employer definitely prefers to recruit the American student. Actually, among all of my classmates in grad college, I have never seen any American students who can't find a job. Those who can't find a job are international students, without any exception.

However, the quantity of those American students willing to study STEM is way lower than the number needed by industry. As a result, companies have to provide certain working permission, such as OPT, to international students so that they can employ them.

From a market point of view, this working permission to international students makes good sense. Companies can't get enough qualified American grads. The international students are not only well qualified, and usually very very dilig