I definitely support the proposal, which is a demonstration of the country's respect for talents and knowledge, and its respect for human beings. The proposal not only will benefit STEM students who were, are and are to come to this country to study the cutting-edge technology and knowledge, but also benefit the United States, the US companies and its people.

An international student, I'm also working with my OPT, and the work experience really helps me apply what I learned from school to work, and allow me to gain real-world experience. It is really a valuable experience. However, because I only have one-year OPT time (I'm not a STEM student), many employers who were interested in me couldn't hire me as they were afraid that they might lose me in the next year, which would a loss and inconvenience for the company. So I missed a lot of wonderful work opportunities only because of my status. Fortunately my current company was willing to give me a chance, because I have what they need that they couldn't find in other American students: I can speak fluent Mandrin Chinese and our company is setting up a joint venture in China, and needs a person who can speak both Chinese and English fluently. Due to the ever growing globalization, more and more international students will be needed in companies for their advantages in foreign languages. If they have to miss the opportunities only because of status, it would be a great loss for international students, and especially the American companies who will expand their business on a global scale.

If the STEM students are granted to work for 24 more months after their initial OPT, it will provide American companies with more talents they need. They will be able to use their talents and knowledge to develop new technologies to benefit the country and even the whole world. Also, international students who working and living in the US are a huge driving force of the country's economy, as they will also need to pay taxes, and spend