I strongly support the proposed new OPT STEM extension rule.

I had my master's degree in mechanical engineering from University of Michigan. Because of higher and higher demand on H-1B visas, the chance of getting H-1B in the 12-month OPT period is decreasing each year. Without the STEM extension rule, it's clear that if you not lucky enough to win the H-1B visa lottery in the 12-month OPT period, you have no choice but to leave the country. I am not lucky enough to win the lottery this year. For me, the proposed new rule will give back to me the opportunity to continue my career in the United States, after the federal court ruling vacated the 2008 rule earlier this year.

One common objection to the rule states that foreign students will take away more jobs from US citizens under the new rule. I find this argument shortsighted and overlooks some aspects. First of all, as my personally experience, companies will definitely favor US citizens over international students provided two candidates have the same level of skills. Many companies are not sponsoring H-1B visa for their employees, thus not likely to hire international students. And most OPT STEM field graduates are working in positions where a competent US citizen alternative is not available. Second, high skilled immigrants bring energy and entrepreneurship to US economy and created many jobs in the US. Many successfully business leaders, company founders and scientists today are initially international students who came to the US to seek their dreams. Many of them might have also used OPT program in their early careers. If those individuals were sent back home because they are not lucky enough to get H-1B visas, fewer jobs might have been created today.

The OPT program has worked well for many years, allowing high skilled international students to stay and work in the United States after completing their degree. The OPT STEM extension rule is an enhancement of the OPT program as more STEM students are seeki