Dear officers and citizens

Please let me state my statement very quickly.

I definitely support the OPT extension rule as an international student. Indeed, some citizens are against this rule for the reason that many nonimmigrants take away their jobs. Some citizens may think this rule may cause citizens lost their way to feed themselves and their families. I have to admit that this reason may be right from their point of view. Since there are too many talented non-citizens and many companies want to hire talented and excellent people without thinking. If I am a citizen, of course, I also may oppose this rule. But I still have to objectively comment this extension rule. After all, I am an international student.

I have three key reasons why I support this 24 months extension rule from my perspective. 

First, no matter what, OPT and CPT have become one of the most important reason why lots of students want to arrive USA to study, not just because USA has the best education level in the world. We all know that the tuitions in the USA colleges for non-citizens are very high, the majority of international students in fact are not wealthy. So many international student want to get a part-time or full-time job to relieve their economic pressures during their F1 period. And CPT and OPT exactly give them the precious opportunities to realize their value by trying a major related job. So that nearly 800000 international guys go to USA to be a college student per year. And I think these international students undoubtedly bring vitality to local economy. For examplethe banking benefitthe rental benefitthe service revenue benefitespecially the researching benefit that many researching institutes and colleges can get enough money from students tuitions and can be engaged in researching. Therefore, if the 24months extension rule goes into effect, I think more and more elites from the world will choose USA colleges as their studying destination. If not, from my own point of view