As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in 2014 with a master's degree in the field of Engineering at Carnegie Mellon University. I was glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.
The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Graduates
These benefits will encourage future international students to join STEM programs in the U.S. and allow U.S. companies to remain competitive globally. 
The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of All Americans
For more than 200 years, the United States has welcomed immigrants and refugees from around the world into our nation, enhancing our diversity, culture, and economy. Today, many individuals contributing to the science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) fields are immigrants or refugees, and research indicates that skilled immigrants make outsized contributions to innovation and entrepreneurship, which helps grow our economy and create jobs for all Americans
The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Employers
Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest strategies and techniques in the field. Expanding opportunities for STEM graduates benefits employers in high-tech industries by helping them to maintain connections with colleges and increase visibility on campus. This aids to promote community involvement and creates awareness of the field for future students and future employees. In addition, expanding practical training opportunities for international students will enhance U.S. companies by providing novel perspectives, fresh ideas, new processes, and specialized skill sets to augment the abilities of staff employees. Finally, STEM students will allow employers the opportunity to accomplish bigger projects, achieve more innovation, and