(1) The number of YOUNG men and women from the U.S. who want to work in the STEM fields is simply not large enough to support the most innovative economy in the world. The current OPT program provides young foreign talents that the U.S. employers need. 
(2) In many cases, STEM projects usually take a relatively long time to finish, thus an OPT Extension is essential. 
(3) Moreover, OPT Extension workers account for less than 1% of U.S. STEM workers, therefore it is unreasonable to assume that they are competing with US workers and pushing down the wages. 

Point 1: 
American young people don't want to enter the job market, especially into the STEM fields, even without the whole OPT program. Actually, young foreign workers benefit employers who need passion, intelligence and out-of-box thinking, especially in nowadays global environment.

Supporting evidence:
A. Nearly 40% of people in the US ages 16 to 24 say that they don't want a job, accounting for a sizable portion of the 92 million Americans who are currently outside the labor force, according to a 2014 analysis of labor statistics. Similarly, the Pew Research Center analysis of Bureau of Labor Statistics data shows that 39.4% of men and women aged 16 to 24 are outside the labor force over the first 10 months of 2014.

B. 60% of respondents ages 16 to 25 to the Lemelson-MIT Invention Index, which seeks to gauge innovation aptitude among young adults, named at least one factor that prevented them from pursuing further education or working in STEM field. 34% said they "don't know much about these fields" 30% said these fields are too challenging. 28% said they weren't well-prepared in school to seek out a career or further their education in these field.

C. I work in the chemical industry producing chemical specialties that benefit the society. All of the young employees in my company comes from foreign countries, e.g.China, India, Poland, Morocco. Many young Americans are shunning STEM fields for more lucrative