I support the expansion of OPT to be 24 months.

It is not only a thing benefit to OPT students, it will also be wise for companies to take the expansion. By statistics, it is a loss in business to lose a one-year new worker, after all paid resources of recruitment and training for this worker. Also, the worker himself will feel a lot of pressures during his work, because he needs to consider his career future, which is quite unstable. This will affect his work performance, which is also a loss of the company. 

The above is based on the assumption that companies have to hire STEM OPT students, which means, US citizens can not afford enough labors with same qualities. It is definitely a truth. The proportion of STEM students in hiring companies can tell everything. Companies need STEM OPT students, in a large number. 

If the expansion can not be passed, STEM students will endure a sharp decrease. People don't want to work in an unstable, fast transition status. People take care of their career paths quite seriously. If the future is so unstable and unpredictable, why to choose to learn STEM courses in US? British, Canada, Australia, Germany, France, there are so many countries nice to international students, providing longer training opportunities. Some of them even do not require tuitions! 

People should make wise decision which can benefit both sides. For those people who claim that jobs positions are occupied by STEM students, if government would like to believe in this and "help" them, just leave those openings to them, and see whether companies will hire them. I am not disrespecting their opinions, but sometimes people intend to vent their dissatisfaction to unrelated people. This is NOT about a competition of job openings. US citizens, as long as they are willing to have a STEM job, they can, definitely, they will not fail a chance of getting a STEM job if they are capable of. 

Have a wise choice. Expansion of OPT can do benefits for both companies, OPT stu