I think this rule can bring huge economic benefits and scientific benefits to United States, both the people and the government. On the other side, if the rule can not be passed, the sequence will be extremely terrible.Anyone can image that. 

First, international students come to US to pursue a high-level degrees since they are so smart and diligent and they want to bring new ideas and new fresh blood to US. This is why US is still the most developed country in this world. If US start to block smart and diligent people, I believe it is also the sign that United States starts to fall.

Second, international students bring huge direct economic benefit to US. US has the most famous and best universities in the world, but US has no enough students to fill up all the great universities and pay the high tuition. International students pay expensive tuition and living expense to support these famous universities in US. And most of them will leave United State after they finishing their education. So they are the perfect consumers who only bring a lot of money to US without selling any thing. If this rule became illegal, then students in other country would found that the US do not welcome international students. Lots of great US universities will start to fall and bankrupt. The consequence is extremely terrible. 

Third, competing is best way to inspire US citizens' work passion and keep US being the most developed country in this world. Everyone knows catfish effect, I know it has a lot pains and it seems bad. But the natural selection is alway the truth. International students all try their best to be an expert in their area and they just like catfishes who can spur the local students. And most of them will leave US after several years. So they will not actually rob job opportunities from American people, they are just completing some great projects and have some practice for US in their best years. Actually, most international students have some weakness in language an