I oppose the Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule that would expand the Optional Practical Training program. 

The DHS is not capable of monitoring all of the VISA holders to maintain National Security. In fact, there is no system in place to ensure that every body entering on a VISA abides by expiration rules, there is no tracking, no monitoring and there is no forced deportation when a violator is identified. Our government has NO clue how many illegal over stayers are present, no idea where they are, and does nothing to ensure they are removed when they are discovered and this includes criminals. In short, DHS can't even do the basics of their job.

The DHS is engaging in a mission creep which adversely affects the American worker. The job of DHS is not to fill American jobs and certainly it's not their job is not to arbitrarily increase the influx of any foreign visitor group at their whim. The United States government has not provided evidence that these workers are necessary, but there is mounting evidence showing the exact opposite is true by eliminating jobs for Americans. When Americans are being displaced from jobs so that lower paid workers can take over, that's not a free market operating in a sovereign nation - it's closer to RICO act violations, endorsed and funded by big business and corrupt politicians/special interest groups. Congress has launched an investigation into the displacement of American workers - now would be a good time to revoke any changes that allow higher levels of immigration.

So, these people are allowed to come to America and take our jobs for lower wages, but won't have to dish out payroll taxes. Yet more little perks for those companies who are already making millions off the consumer. And yet those VISA holders will get to use benefits derived from those payroll taxes. Tell me, what is the benefit to Americans? There is none - it's robbing Americans of dignity, jobs, a national identity, and cold hard cash that keep