I strongly support the proposal for the following reasons:

1), U.S. employers will benefit from the increased ability to rely on the skills acquired by STEM OPT students while studying in the United States, as well as their knowledge of markets in their home countries.

2), Public comments received on the 2008 IFR were overwhelmingly positive. Although, as described in more detail below, many commenters recommended specific changes to the STEM OPT extension and some commenters objected to the 2008 IFR altogether, the vast majority of commentersincluding students, educational institutions, advocacy groups, and STEM employersexpressed strong support for the rule's main provisions. DHS continues to believe that practical training is frequently a key element of F-1 students' educational experience, and that STEM students in particular may benefit from an extended period of time in practical training.

3), DHS continues to believe that the E-Verify program is an important measure to ensure the integrity of the STEM OPT extension. The E-Verify program is an Internet-based service operated by USCIS, in partnership with the Social Security Administration (SSA). E-Verify is currently free to employers and is available in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. E-Verify electronically compares information contained on the Employment Eligibility Verification Form I-9 (herein Form I-9) with records contained in government databases to help employers verify the identity and employment eligibility of newly-hired employees. This program currently is the best means available for employers to determine employment eligibility of new hires and, in some cases, existing employees.

Before an employer can participate in the E-Verify program, the employer must enter into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with DHS and SSA. This memorandum requires employers to agree to abide by current legal hiring procedures and to follow required proced