Everyone knows that Unite States is an immigration country, and the immigration is one of most important spirits that are rooting in this country. Now the immigration becomes even more important since the society of the Unite States has been changing profoundly. 
Currently, the Unite States is also suffering the problem of aging society, just like European, Japan and so on. The data shows that now it has 17.4% people whose age is over 65 years old. Meanwhile, very important, the baby boomer generation has been retiring. A report written by Sen. Rob Portman in the Wall Street Journal at July 22, 2014 shows that Each day, 10000 baby boomers retire. The trend will continue next ten years or more, and will have significant effect on the society development. Under this situation, the workers from other countries have quite positive impact on the economy and society, especially the high-quality workers. 
OPT extension is a benefit for the students who study in the Unite State and after graduation to get a job experience in the Unite States. There are several benefits that this policy can bring. First, it will continue attracting excellent students from the world to study in the US, and this is good for our economy. The US has the best education system in the world, if the people know that they are allowed to get work experience after graduation, they will have a huge reason to choose the US as the first education place. Second, the companies in the US will have high-quality workers to hire, filling the labors gaps caused by the retirement of baby boomer, as mentioned above. Large portion of students who hold the OPT extension have high degrees, such as Master and PhD, and that will meet the high requirements of the companies who need the specific knowledge. Third, during the students with OPT extension working in the US, they will spend, pay tax, even buy the house and so on, and all of these have positive contribution to our economy and country. 
In summary, I strongly r