The issue of whether to amend the current F-1 nonimmigrant student visa regulations has drawn much attention recently. The revised regulations are mainly aiming to lengthen the time of F-1 Students to find practical jobs and expanding their opportunities to get formal jobs in the U.S. .While many people have different views on the issue, I think it is necessary to revise the visa regulations to allow more F-1 STEM students find their jobs in the U.S. .

I hold my view because currently, the U.S. need talented people in STEM area to support its development. The advancement of science and technology is a great advantage of the modern U.S. . In recent years the U.S. government has put out many policies to benefit the development of science and technology, and many hi-tech corporations as well as research institutes have put on projects in STEM areas. This will generate a huge need of specialists in STEM areas. Without these people the U.S. may have difficulties in keeping its technology advancement.

At the same time, many foreign students are studying in STEM areas in the U.S. .Though some of them may not behave well, the majority of them are the elites of their homeland and they want to pursue the most advanced science knowledge in the U.S. .If not, these students can just stay in their homeland and have a good job, do not have to suffer the unfamiliar environment and language. So, with the dream of learning the most advanced science knowledge, the foreign STEM students can always make brilliant performances in their area and become good specialists, which is greatly needed in the U.S. currently. However, due to the restriction of their visa, these foreign STEM students cannot have enough time and chances in finding works in U.S. . Many students may be forced to leave the U.S. at the end. However if these students can get their jobs in the U.S., probably they will make great progress in their area and these progress are belonged to U.S. companies and institutes.In th