I support this new rule. I saw lots of negative comments said that "OPT extension will make US citizen hard to find a job". However, if you think more, that's not right.

First of all, this new rule only valid for international students who are in STEM major. Students in other major just got 1-year OPT chance to work in US, which we can treat it like a study experience for post-graduate. There is no harm for current citizen, because employers are always willing to choose a employee who can work longer rather than a contract employee.

Secondly, even for current students, who hold STEM degrees, this OPT-extension won't bring them any advantages when seeking for jobs. Common case is, when a company is considering to choose from two candidates - one is international students requires VISA support and the other is US citizen - if they have almost the same abilities and talents, the company will always choose the latter because hiring a citizen will cost them less expense in general. However, it is because current society needs more human resources with high-tech background, and there is limit number of citizens can meet such demands, international students can get this chance to stay and work here.

Finally, I strongly believe this rule actually brings US citizen more benefits rather than harms. Based on the second reason I provided - almost all international students are not competing with US citizens but make up for high demands for employees with strong technical abilities in current society, this will bring enough talents, innovation and thus higher revenues for those companies, as well as make them stay in the top-level in the world, which in turn makes Unite States stays on top. At the same time, US gov can gain more tax income and use it to create more benefits for US citizens. Thus, US citizens will benefit from this rule at the end.

I hope all of you can think deeper on this new rule. Also, it is DIVERSITY and LIBERTY that makes US charming and thus attracts m