I believe the STEM OPT extension will be beneficial to the United States in several ways. 
First, although STEM OPT extension is beneficial to international students, academic sectors in the U.S. are the biggest beneficiaries. Every year a lot of international students choose to come to the U.S. to study and pay for expensive tuitions and fees. One of the reasons these international students choose the U.S. is that the STEM OPT extension is a good opportunity for them to gain some industry experience. Without extension, the OPT will only be good for one year. It will be less attractive for international students to come to the U.S. to study without the extension. Countries such as United Kingdom, Australia, etc. are instituting similar new strategies to attract international students. In such competitive situation, STEM OPT extension is necessary to keep U.S. academic sector remain competitive globally. 
Second, international students have been stimulating U.S. economy through paying expensive tuitions and fees and other living expenditures. In addition, STEM students further contribute through research, innovation and provision of knowledge and skills that help U.S. economy to grow. As an international student, I paid at least $50,000 a year in the U.S. to study and live. International students like me in the U.S. contributed 26.8 billion dollars to the U.S. economy in the 2013-2014 academic year. The successful adoption of STEM OPT extension by legislation will help to make this number grow year after year. 
As an graduated international student who is working in IT industry, I think 3 years OPT is necessary because the first two years I am basically studying from work and not really contributing what I learned in school. The third year is when to reap from the time I spent in studying the subject knowledge. Without STEM OPT extension, I might have to go home after 1 year. My employer will be hurt in this situation because the time and money they spent on training