Dear Chief,

I would like to submit the my comment in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students," published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

I strongly support the proposed allowance for students with previous STEM degrees from accredited US universities to be eligible for the STEM OPT extension and increasing the number of extensions up to two. This provision is extremely relevant for students pursuing not only Bachelor's degree but also additional higher degrees such as MBA, JD or MD., making them even more invaluable to the United States for their interdisciplinary skills, advanced technical training, and knowledge in broader topics such as business administration and public policy. 

As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in 2015 with a Bachelor's degree in Computer Engineering. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes.

We are highly concerned with the possibility that the ability of students to make use of the STEM OPT Extension might be disrupted by recent court actions, upcoming court actions, and delays in this rulemaking process. We commend DHS and the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for responding quickly to recent developments to begin this rulemaking process, and we urge you to continue working quickly to ensure that suitable transition procedures are in place to make it possible for students on STEM OPT.

The Duration of the STEM Extension Should be 24 Months. We will be mostly happy to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increas