I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:

1. I think the one important reason why U.S placed on top of the world because the U.S. Government let the students who learned knowledge from U.S. universities stay in the country and also keep them making contributions to the U.S.. Especially now, everyone feels momentum to improve our society and daily life from the science and technology. In other words, STEM students make great contribution for this improvement. If the U.S. government are unable to keep these students who wants to make their effort in scientific research, then it's difficult for U.S. to keep its top placement during current highly competitive world.

2. Diversity is very important for the U.S. Not only you can find lots of famous people in U.S with international students status in the beginning, but also lots of Americans especially the youth take advantage of this diversity. Two years ago, I had American roommates when I was a master students in USC. One of my roommates was learning Chinese and she asked me to help her Chinese. Of course, I was willing to do that. And she told me she learnt lots of practicable stuff from me. Also every time, she liked to discuss with me when she learnt something new in the class. Everyone knows that the best way to learn language is trying to use language. The diversity offers a great opportunity for Americans to learn foreign languages. Compared to people in other counties, they have to spend lots of money and go aboard to learn foreign languages. 

3. Competition does exist, but is not a bad thing. From my experience, U.S. employers offer job opportunities to Americans first and then they consider international students. But the assumption here is that both Americans and international students meet the job requirements. Some Americans complaint that they can't get jobs or internships opportunities because international students take these opportunities away. Of course is unacceptable. If Americans a