I am an international student at Columbia University, studying in one of the STEM subjects. I am so delighted to see that the government is considering to re-authorize and extend OPT for STEM students.

I always believe this is a triple-win program.

First, for international students in STEM subjects, they will have more time and opportunities to practice their knowledge and techniques, and then contribute to American society. We learn in USA, so our knowledge structure/system, our skills and techniques are most related and applicable to US society, which also best satisfy the demand of talents. I believe this program will accelerate the attraction of technical students, scholars and practitioners from all over the world. 

Second, in the perspective of enterprises, the demand of technical workers are never decreasing. I have been to several career fairs at my university. I can say that the most demands always come from technical companies. Technology in the past century helped USA become the most powerful country in the world. There are numerous international tech firms based in USA. And technologies are continuing innovating. It is so important for them to remain talents.

Finally, believe or not, there is an increasing number of talents loss in those technical fields, because many countries/governments have been trying to recall their talents. For example, China government has executed many talent projects and invested astronomical funds to recall foreign technical scholars, practitioners, etc. In contrast, there is no sign indicating that native American technical talents are increasing. USA has the most top universities in the world. They have been raising numerous scientists, engineers, doctors, architects, etc. The most important thing is to make your educational achievements serve your society. 

It is time to revolutionize. 

I totally agree with this proposal. 


Francis Chen, Columbia University
I am an international student at Columbia University, studyi