
I think the STEM OPT is very important and necessary. The advantage of that is obvious even if it is a small part of US immigration laws and rules.

First of all, international students are benefited for the important practical training after they graduate from college. This is one of the most important points which attract international students to pursue a US degree. Since many US companies in technical areas lead the world, practical experience in these companies becomes so valuable for new graduates and could make them competitive no matter they are going to stay in the US or go back to their home countries. I believe this is also a very important part for the US education system to make it competitive internationally. If the function is disabled, pursuing US education become much less appealing and less convincing, comparing to other education systems such as the United Kingdom, Australia, and France. Students will lose their confidence for US education.

Also, the demand of professional high-tech worker is increasing, which can be directly seen from the sharp increase of the H1B visa applications year by year. Companies are facing a situation that it is more and more difficult for them to hire enough technical workers. So it is hard to understand the request to stop and revoke the OPT extension rule. One of my friend was reached by more than 10 companies and national labs for opening even before his real graduation because they are lack of people with required technical knowledge and skills to work for them. This means the demand for professional high-tech workers and researchers is huge and urgent. If the work authorization can be extended and become more stable, employers can have more candidates to fill their positions and serve for them efficiently. This will definitely help the employers in the related technical industry to stay efficient and competitive in the globalized markets.

Then for the cost issue, I do not think the STEM OPT rule is costly compa