As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in 2015 with a Master's degree in the field of Management Information Systems. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes.

I was glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Graduates

The proposal will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience. This experiential learning will allow me to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in a professional setting and provide more broader exposure to industries. These benefits also will encourage future international students to join STEM programs in the U.S. and allow U.S. companies to remain competitive globally.

The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Employers

Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest strategies and techniques in the field. Expanding opportunities for STEM graduates benefits employers in high-tech industries by helping them to maintain connections with colleges and increase visibility on campus. This aids to promote community involvement and creates awareness of the field for future students and future employees. 

A 24-month extension combined with the initial 12 month OPT period is the appropriate duration to allow me to meet my planned learning goals and allow for active reflection on I am accomplishing throughout the experience. Students with up to 36 months o