Why does the American Government continue to insist on inviting more immigration, for whatever purpose, when hundreds of thousands of American citizens are struggling to find work or obtain a higher education? My daughter got her Bachelors and Masters Degrees, by working hard and paying her own way 100%, because her mother and I couldn't afford to fund the cost of her education. And she was denied any financial assistance just because we owned a home and had a livable income? The "Dream Act" was the start of a miserable disbursement of hard working taxpayer monies to foreign nationals, and continues to expand with this and other free-bee giveaway programs. When is the AMERICAN government going to put the welfare of the AMERICAN society first? Your proposal is shameful at best, and a needless waste of AMERICAN taxpayers money at worst. Here are some reasons you shouldn't implement this program:
"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 years - the same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be valid - there is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent."
The proposed regulations are "irresponsible and dangerous considering the Government Accountability Office (GAO) report issued in March 2014 finding that the program was full of inefficiencies, susceptible to fraud, and that the Department was not adequately overseeing it."
"The report also found a major national security problem in that the Department does not know where tens of thousands of foreign students are living and working in the country. The GAO said that 'ICE cannot fully ensure foreign students working under optional practical training are maintaining their legal status in the United States."
START AND FINISH BY PUTTING AMERICAN CITIZENS FIRST IN THESE TYPES OF PROGRAMS. WHEN, AND ONLY WHEN, YOU HAVE FACTUALLY DETERMINED THAT THERE IS NO INTEREST BY LEGAL A