I think OPT extension for STEM F1 student is necessary and important for everyone living in US, regardless of their citizenship. The reasons are:

1. STEM F1 students all come from different backgrounds (different social environments and different countries). They will tend to have advantages dealing with foreigners, in terms of local language, cultural tolerance and native bonding. It will facilitate US companies targeting the International markets. 

2. There are comparatively fewer students with US citizenship majoring in STEM than those majoring in non-STEMs, especially in graduate-level degree. If there is no OPT extension, either one or both of the two things will happen: a) people from non-STEMs will take the STEM jobs, which will lead to poor qualification of certain knowledge; b) the expense of hiring a STEM employee will increase tremendously, which will increase the price of technical products/services significantly. Either result will result in seriously bad consequence to US economy. So OPT extension is a good way to balance the number of STEM and non-STEM employees, given fewer US STEM students.

3. Assume that all these STEM F1 students go to other countries because of non-OPT extension after graduation, they might join the US competitor companies and help with technical innovations. After all, they are technically sophisticated elites, who will make a big difference wherever they are.

4. Everyone is born equal, according to Declaration of Independence. If a STEM F1 student earns his job the same as a US citizen, one cannot simply 'expel' them based on their nationality. Not to mention the fact that in real life, it costs more to hire a foreigner (visa issues, sponsorship etc), so companies have higher standard to hire foreigners. Otherwise, this is racial discrimination. 

5. Someone might think US citizens are better educated to be 'smart and creative', which may or may not be the truth. I am pretty sure that, regardless of race and education, ther