I SUPPORT the proposal for reasons below:
(1) Competition with other countries
U.S. has to compete with other rising countries such as China and India in many sectors for oncoming years. Relinquishing talented foreign students benefits Americans in short run, but it reduces U.S. overall competitiveness in long run. U.S. has long been a nation of immigrants. Maintaining / elaborating STEM OPT extension is justifiable as long as the regulation is carried out fairly.

(2) History speaks itself
Many high-achievers in various fields were immigrants (foreign students) before they achieved their success. U.S. has long been a country that smart and hardworking people prevail, so why "restricting" supply of smart people to U.S.? Contributions of the foreign immigrants make U.S. a better country, indirectly giving U.S. substantial capability to define future directions of the world.

(3) Effect towards American workers is not as severe as many people has thought
Undeniably, American students will be affected by competition brought upon by international students. However, the effect is not as severe as many people has thought. Given same capability, an employer will normally choose an American due to better cultural fit and cheaper financial obligation (no sponsorship). The employers are willing to pay higher price to retain foreign workers for an obvious reason: foreign workers fill in the needs that are unable to be met by American workers. It is not American workers are not good, it is just great, talented workers are insufficient in U.S., which has the economy with the biggest potential in the world.

(4) There are better ways to reduce effect towards American workers than omitting STEM OPT extension
Rather than omitting STEM OPT extension, why don't set up harder requirement to get Green Cards? Why don't set up caps based on countries? Omitting STEM OPT extension reduces motivation of foreign students to study at U.S., which affects revenues of U.S. educational institutio