It is unjust not only for International students who are highly skilled in STEM fields, but also unjust for Industries which are suffering from lacking talents in STEM fields, to annul OPT extension. 

First of all, think about why US is so strong in the world, it is the openness and inclusiveness of this country. In the past centuries, talents in all kind of fields were attracted by the inclusiveness of US and made huge contribution to this Country, made it so strong. Things changed now, Facing the keen competition from other countries, US needs fresh blood to join in, needs more talented ones to keep it's leading edge in the world. Facing the lack of work force in STEM industries, companies, institutions need more support. International students well trained here, are ready to make contribution. They are not here to compete for the working chances, they are here to fill in the lack of needs and to keep the country strong.

Second of all, about the minimum wages. As far as I know, companies are paying International employees same as paying natives, the only thing they focus on is staff quality. Also, in STEM industries, International employees are well paid, much higher than the local minimum pay level. For example, International employee in Computer Science industry are mostly paid higher than 35/h. As said before, STEM fields are facing shortage in talents, companies are competing for the highly skilled ones, so they are willing to pay high salaries to keep talents. Also, International students need to meet salary requirements to stay in US. I don't think competition from International students will lower the minimum wages, in fact, minimum wages might be higher with the involvement of more well paid technical employees.

A worse thing is that, many students need OPT extension to cover the time waiting for approval of H1B. These students havealready been hired by Companies, if the extension rule is annulled, companies will suffer from losing huge amount of employ