I highly support this regulation. The reasons are kind of obvious to me. 

First of all, as once a student majored in engineer related major in America, I found most of my fellow classmates are people from (or born in America but originally from) some foreign countries such as India, China, Korea, etc .Only a few natives are taking those technical classes. It is still the same situation in universities now. Even though there are a bunch of people who even argues to stop the whole STEM program in order to protect the local labor, I would say most of them might not recognize that there are not enough native students to match the market's large and high need to talented STEM engineers/ scientists! 

Secondly, if we change the STEM OPT period to be one year, there will be big problems easy to predict. 1) From perspective of international students, one year working experience does not provide them too much extra value when they go back to their own countries to work. Then, if studying abroad could not offer them competitive advantage over those locally graduated students, why bother paying extraordinary higher tuitions to study abroad? According to my international classmates, longer OPT period is one of the most important advantages that attracts them to study in American universities compared with English and other European ones. 2) From perspective of American educational institutions, they might not have such a sufficient talented student resources from the world due to the reduced motivation. As we can see, many American universities are currently among the most influential ones and offering the world most advanced research achievements. What if they can not attract genius students and researches to join? What if they do not have sufficient funds to support expensive research costs? Anyway, as we've observed, high tuitions of international students are one of the major income of many universities. 3) From perspective of many technical companies, they have to pay muc