I support the proposal of 24 months OPT extension but have some suggestions regarding some points. I also have arguments why the rule is in the best interest of both the US workers and international students. My points are as follows:

1) Several comments argued that the OPT extension increases competition for US workers. But anyone with an analytical mind will see that its actually the contrary. Research shows that every foreign-born graduate with an advanced STEM degree is associated with, on average, 2.6 jobs for American workers(link: https://www.whitehouse.gov/blog/2014/06/16/urgency-immigration-reform-attracting-world-s-best-and-brightest). A cultural trend in the country that I am coming from is that the top students in the class study in the STEM filed, and the best of them come to study abroad. Moreover, almost all the OPT students in my STEM field were valedictorians of their school in their home country. What I mean to say is that these STEM students are filtered after tremendous competition and therefore highly motivated, energetic and innovative. I have seen examples of several companies that were established based on an innovation by a STEM Ph.D. student that led to the employment of several natives.

2) As a Ph.D. student in Circuit Design, I personally trained many undergraduate US students and guided them to accomplish their project. All of them have grown passion for the field and are hired by companies based on their circuit skills. A lot of my colleagues did the same to high school US students, some of whom later joined the STEM program. Therefore, the approach by DHS to educate international STEM students has both way benefits in complex ways that might not be immediately apparent.

3) One might argue that OPT itself should be enough for all the benefits above, why do we need the extension? STEM fields are getting extremely complicated and even though the students have the capacity, its not possible to learn the practical aspects of the filed in