Many people who oppose this proposal think it is foreign students who cause the unemployment of some citizens. Though plausible, it is not the truth. 

The unemployment is caused by the rule of the market, not foreign students. 

If two applicants, one is the U.S. citizen and another is not, are both competent for a position, I believe most employers would like to choose the citizen. They have to spend more time on legal proceeding to hire a foreign student. What's more, they have to worry about what if the foreign student leaving their company and let all the money and time they spend on training the student be wasted. Employers are clever when they choosing their employees. So it is possible that a foreign student take the position of an equal-capacity citizen.
On the other hand, students study for different industry are in different situation during finding a job. Students who major in EE, no matter she/he is a citizen or foreigner, used to find it was easy to find a job even 3 years ago. Well this year, in the career fair of my school, many company such as cisco, only hire citizen students. When positions are more than employees in an industry, employers have to hire foreigners. Well when it is hard for people in an industry to find a job, those employers would choose citizen first to avoid legal proceed trouble.
Just an instance, if the IT industry need one more employer, there is a citizen know nothing about programming and another foreigner is a master in this industry, who do you think should get the job? 

The foreign students who study in our country pay their tuition, costing of living etc. here, which contribute to the economy of America. After school, they pay the tax of their income, which at last is used to construct our country. Back to 200 years ago, many of our ancestors were not citizens of the U.S.. Thanks for the welcome from this country, they could work here, build the country here and some of them stayed here at last and made the current beau