I SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons and with some suggestions:

Extension of OPT program will help US education system to attract more international students to study in the US. As we know that international students contribute way much more tuition fees than their US peers'. This alone has become one of the main source of self-funded income of many US educational institutions that facing subsidy cut from the local government. Moreover, a more incentive education program brings more talented students from around world. It not only increases the diversity of US culture but also, by giving them more time to practice in US after graduation, galvanizes the recently stagnant industry and job market in science and engineering, hence significantly increases the chance of sparking more startup companies, creating more job opportunities and social warfare for Americans.

US high tech companies and national labs would be the first victim if the US education incentive went down simply because of the cancellation of the extension. It was expected that more smart students would return back to their home country and will soon utilize what they learned in the US to create values and eventually threaten US number-one position on the world stage. This is what is already happening right now. For example, as one of the emerging powers, China has been creating abundant of incentives to keep attracting more Chinese graduate students in the US to come back and serve their country. The students who majored in the STEM program play a significant role in the information technology, cyber security, national defense, sustainable energy and et al. The US competitors, such as China and Russia, would be more than happy to see it not only outsourcing its own jobs oversea but also offering its own talents to nurture its competitors!

On the other hand, I have to admit that current OPT program has its own limitation and drawback, for example the OPT program abuse is too prevailing over