Hi SIr,

Many of the graduates from India, china, Asia, UK, Canada always try to seek a masters's or bachelors degree because of the quality of education and job opportunities. And we are no way an illegal immigrant who rives stability, health and state peace. We all are promoting, well wishers and important seeding of a country. Hard working, motivated to be honest and always seek to do our best in a honest way. 24 months extension would give a great opportunity to work and give back and uplift us economy. With increase in H1 filing, please provide and revise the h1 regulations to and create a new quota for F1 students so serve to the US nation and to win-win situation to be created.

The Duration of the STEM Extension Should be 24 Months

In order to be a meaningful learning experience, a 24-month extension combined with the initial 12 month OPT period is the appropriate duration to allow me to meet my planned learning goals and allow for active reflection on I am accomplishing throughout the experience. Students with up to 36 months of practical training can be assigned more challenging projects that better complement academic programs and career interests.

Formal Training Program and Customized Mentoring and Training Plan Will Help Me Integrate Classroom Knowledge with Practical Application

Establishing goals and a professional roadmap at the start of my practical training will assist me in clearly identifying my learning objectives and planning how they will be accomplished. Completing this with my employer's input will guide both my employer and me to make a more meaningful learning experience.

Cap-Gap Relief is an Important Part of the 2008 Rule and Should be Retained

Given that the H-1B visa program is a common mechanism for F-1 students to transition to the U.S. work environment, cap-gap relief is essential to avoid gaps in work authorization between the April filing window and the October start date of the H-1B visa.

Many opponents of expanding the pe