I strongly support this new OPT extension rule. I'm an international oral biology master student from China and currently studying at University of Washington Seattle. Before I came to US, I had multiple options to purse my degree in US, Canada, Singapore, Hong Kong and British. The most important reason I choose to study here is US could provide me the comprehensive training opportunity during school and after graduation. 
The extension here will help to main US educations attractiveness especially since Canada, UK, New Zealand, Australia and China are all actively instituting new strategies to attract international talents. Use Canada as an example, they modified the Post-Graduation Work Permit Program to allow international students who have graduated from a recognized Canadian post-secondary institution to stay and with a maximum of three years, with no restriction on type of employment. This policy helped a 64% increase in the number of post-graduation work permits issued to international students in 2008. By 2014, the number of international students in the program more than doubled its 2008 total. It substantially contributes to the economy growth and bring wealth to the local people.
Studying the book knowledge is the first step of learning, but whats more importantly is to apply the knowledge into real practice. A good way to help the international students to return to their home countries after studying here in US is to provide them with the training opportunity so that they can have the confident to compete in their own country after their return. With the rapid developing and internationalization in the whole world, they have to obtain adequate practical experience in order to feel confident regardless where they go. And the training time on most of the STEM majors are more than one year, which makes the extension very applicable. OPT students who work for universities, companies or non-profit organizations created numerous wealth and services to benefi