Are we a nation that educates the worlds best and brightest in our universities, only to send them home to create businesses in countries that compete against us? Or are we a nation that encourages them to stay and create jobs here, create businesses here, create industries right here in America? President Barack Obama

United States of America is the land of opportunity to create value for society and the whole world. I have been one of the most fortunate to be able to land a job at a technology startup company in US doing software engineering. While more than 50% of startup founders are immigrants who create jobs here in the US, they drive innovation and find smart solutions to everyday issues. Whether it's Google, Facebook, Apple, or any American company you can think of that has changed the world, an immigrant has had a hand in driving the company and helping to create value for society. I truly believe that America is a great nation of immigrants that were able to overcome differences of ethnicity, race, gender, age, and the origin of their ancestors only to become stronger together. To become United States of America.

"First, we need to encourage the best students from abroad to enroll in our colleges and universities and, if they wish, to remain in the United States when their studies are completed. One interim step that could be taken would be to extend so-called Optional Practical Training (OPT), the period of employment that foreign students are permitted in connection with their degree program. Students are currently allowed a maximum of 12 months in OPT before they must change their immigration status to continue working in the United States. Extending OPT from 12 to 29 months would help to alleviate the crisis employers are facing due to the current H-1B visa shortage. This only requires action by the Executive Branch, and Congress and this Committee should strongly urge the Department of Homeland Security to take such action immediately." - Bill Gates