From: 
Anonymous U.S. born master's candidate in engineering from the University of Illinois-Urbana. 
Email: jack43344@gmail.com

Re: Docket No. ICEB-2015-0002

The Proposal to extend the OPT program harms U.S. students who graduate with STEM degrees. While Section G of the Proposal extends protection to existing U.S. workers, i.e. prohibiting employers from replacing U.S. workers with F-1 students, there are no provisions that deter employers from hiring F-1 students instead of U.S. students. In other words, employers are not allowed to fire U.S. workers in order to hire F-1 students, but they are allowed to hire F-1 students instead of U.S. students even if there are qualified U.S. students want to work. Employers should only be allowed to hire F-1 students if there are no available qualified U.S. students. 

We need to protect U.S. students who graduate with STEM degrees. U.S. students graduate in STEM and still don't find jobs. In the last seven years, they not only have been burdened by the recession but have also been burdened by the colossal influx of competition from foreign students caused by the expansion of the OPT and H1-B programs. Big Tech companies argue that there is a shortage in STEM labor. (One could infer if that there were a shortage of STEM labor, that U.S. students should have little trouble in finding jobs.) However, this alleged labor shortage is probably a myth. There are numerous recent articles that suggest there is a surplus of U.S. STEM labor rather than a shortage. For example, "STEM Grads Are at a Loss" by U.S. News & World Report and "America Has More Trained STEM Graduates than STEM Job Openings" by the Center for Immigration Studies both allude to the point I am making.

Moreover, the proposal only makes reference to studies made in 2008 that suggest there is shortage in STEM labor (Section G par. 1). While those studies may have been accurate in 2008, they are outdated now. Since the economic environment has changed substantially 