I support this proposal for the following reason (I will use petroleum engineering as the example):
1. The international student is a big part and significantly contribute to the technology and economic development for U.S. The international student, especially in graduate program, consists a big portion. For example, in petroleum engineering, most graduate students are international. At MPGE, University of Oklahoma, 83% graduate students are international in 2015 (http://issuu.com/mpge/docs/2015_status_report). Similar situation is happening in other petroleum programs, such as UT Austin, Texas A&M and others. The graduate students know the latest technology and knowledge in petroleum industry and they are innovative. This is their advantage over the undergraduates. They are the reason that US has been the world leader in oil&gas for years. If they don't have the OPT extension, they won't be able to work in US and will go back home country eventually. Then, an issue will raise up for the government: Who will keep the development in petroleum engineering? Who will propose new ideas to extract more oil and gas from subsurface? Therefore, in order to maintain such development, it is essential to pass the OPT extension, giving international students the opportunity to work in US.

2. Giving an opportunity for international student to work in US will also increase the competitiveness. If there is no OPT extension, residents will have a job no matter what they are capable of. Perhaps they can be a senior engineer without knowing the basic concepts. I heard this story from my friend: one colleague, who has 2-year experience, asked my friend if high permeability is good or bad? The impact of permeability to oil & gas production is lesson 101 for a petroleum engineer. But, sadly, this colleague don't have a clear clue to such basic thing and she still has a position in a big oil operation company. Can you imagine what would happen if she further promote to be a reservoir ma