I would support the STEM program 24 month extention. For one reason, the market needs those people! The positions in STEM area are growing rapidly these days with great appetite for potential engineers, scientists, analysts, etc. And domestic people are not enough to fulfill all those positions. Just look at how many domestic students are in those majors.
Secondly, international student are suffering from those immigration rules. We pay full nonresident fees for school, we cannot work during school time, we study hard and harder. Now all we want is to have a two year extention for training opportunities. 
Many people would argue those internationals took away their job opportunities. One of the reason that STEM program is popular among internationals is because market is not fulfilled by the domestic students. This is the assumption, not the result. Also there are already enough barriers for internationals to find jobs. We only have 3 month after graduation to find jobs, otherwise, we have to leave the country. More and more companies do not accept internationals these days due to government regulations or difficulties to keep the international employees in the country, we cannot even get our resumes viewed. There are, of course, some of us want to stay in the country after training period. But how many actually stayed after squeezing into the army to get H1B visa? The total is numerically limited to 85,000 each fiscal year. 
Ironically, the illegal immigrants do not have to suffer from all these. They find jobs, they earn illegal income, they do not pay taxes, they enjoy Medicare and Medicaid, they even get green cards after one or two years. How about us legal international students? We study year after year, finally find jobs and pay taxes. We waited and waited, year after year again, maybe even 7 or 8 years after graduation to get that green card! When you guys argue against the 2 year extention, shouldn't you think about ways to deal with those illegal immigran