I'm an international student doing my masters chemical engineering in the United States in North Carolina State University and I'm very willing to tell my experience. The moment I came to America I feel like it is a country that is strong because of its diversity. I feel this respect in every dimension of my life of being a foreigner. And that's the reason I think American stands out in the world. However in the aspect of looking for a job international students are facing a huge challenge in this applies to all majors of students. Not only there is a short period of time of being legally looking for job but also a lot of employers do not except international students which makes it even harder for international student to contribute in the industry that they are professional in after years of study and exercise being America. 

As far as I'm concerned the foundation of a good economy is the capability of having smart person in every aspect of industry and that's why America was the top of the world. But now being so strict on the internationals staying and working and America America is pushing away the intelligent students who are worth more then what you could afford. And if that foundation of having the diversity it's broken then there's no way that American Scana keep to be the top of the world and being able to be creative and innovative as well as moving forward or the time making improvements. These all turns into a joke when American push intelligent people away.

Just recently I've noticed that the negative comments blows out with thing this week and this is super weird this is not a common and normal sign of how people react on this thing so these comments must be generated from certain groups who is extreme about policies and discriminated international students or to say foreigners .so being able to separate the comments from the real public with the comments from the extreme groups will also be important issue to determine this policy and it's a Weis s