It appears our government is becoming anti-constitution, anti-American and working towards a US Caliphate. Why is a US citizen at Disneyland working in IT losing his job to a foreign worker?
The whole immigration system is a failure and and a national security problem.

Immigrants Arent the Only Ones Who Shouldnt Be Voting
JULY 24, 2015 Ryan McMaken


Much of the current immigration debate in the United States centers around the issue of amnesty, which is a vague term that may mean anything from we wont deport you to lets fast-track you to citizenship and voting rights.

From a laissez-faire perspective, the deportation aspect of amnesty an increase in federal inaction is one thing. The extension of voting privileges, though, is something else entirely.

Indeed, the amnesty debate has helped to illustrate the difference between real, concrete property rights, and the much different political rights such as voting. Limiting property rights is always illegitimate. Limiting political rights, on the other hand, may sometimes be essential.

Property Rights vs. Political Rights

For example, everyone everywhere has property rights regardless of the type of regime they live under and whether or not the government recognizes the existence of those rights. These rights include the right to own ones own body, to own property peacefully acquired, and to enter into peaceful contracts with other people, including contracts involving employment and housing. The foreign nationals known as illegal immigrants also have these rights.

But property rights such as these should not be confused with political rights that are quite distinct from the right to self-ownership. In fact, in practice, political rights such as voting are often used to justify coercion against others in the form of expanding government spending, and government control over every aspect of daily life.

Critics of amnesty who wish to further restrict the free use of property by employers, landlords, and laborers ma