Lawrence Shen This is one of the worst bills ever. It is harmful to both parties.

Harmful to US citizens:
1. For sure, this is extremely harmful to the working opportunities and US citizens and Green Card holders. A country should be the best to its most important people, namely citizens. When all the citizens and Green Card holders are complaining about unemployment, how can we pass a bill to help those outsiders to take even more jobs away from us? 

2. During all the political debates, all candidates are talking about how they can bring jobs back to America and how to make US great again. Making a country great can never rely on people coming from other countries. Making a country great can never let our own people stay jobless. Making a country great again is impossible is there are millions of American people are opposing this bill.

3. Most of the immigrant workers that would benefit from this bill are from Asia, with a growing trend of Chinese. China has been a threat to the US for over 30 years, and there is no doubt that they are taking advantage of the US lenience. Also, lots of Asian students come to the US only to stay and get citizenship. They are able of doing whatever they can, legally or illegally. There are thousands of Asian students who studied music or painting switched to become a computer programmer once they land on the US. They are tons of Chinese who had been bankers, businessmen, doctors and nurses started learning Computer Engineering from ground up. The STEM program has been abused by them and there is no way we can keep it that way.

4. Cyber-security. Cyber-security has become one of the biggest concerns of the US government and it is also one of the fastest growing sector in global economy. As I have said, most beneficiaries of passing this bill are computer programmers. For computer programmers, and with a background especially from China, can you see a link between Asian hackers on US business and government and those programmers? Please be aware that all those F-1 visa holders have parents in China, who must be decently rich or influential to be able to send their kids to the US. Some of those F-1 visa holders are rich and had sensitive working experience as well. If they want, with their strong connections in China and STEM skills, by allowing STEM visa extensions, we are putting US security and important information at risk and at the mercy of our most formidable enemy of the century.

5. This comment board has become a poll operated by millions of Asians. As far as I know, there are thousands of Chinese students in and out of the US posting a comment every single day, and they are encouraging all their relatives to support this bill. First, I should say that all the bills should first aim at the benefits of the American people. We should let only American people to comment just like we only let American people to vote. Once again, the volume of comments from Asian students who are only thinking about their own benefits has made the whole thing ridiculous. This is America! This is not a playground that anyone can get into!

Harmful to International students in other disciplines:
1. There is just no reason why only STEM students can get an extension. This is unfair to students in other majors. Moreover, this is shameful to the US. This feels like we are admitting that we, the US people are weaker in science, engineering, and technology. This is disgraceful. The US has been the greatest nation ever existed and we have the most inventions, the most Nobel Prize winners, the best universities, and the most revolutionary companies. Why do we have to rely on foreign forces? Why can't we dig into our own potential?

2. As I have said, the STEM program has pushed every single Asian student, especially Chinese graduate students into becoming a computer programmer. Is this the right way to retain talents? Of course not. US needs great thinkers, needs pioneers, not computer programmers. Those students have such a weak foundation as a scientist or engineering, because their undergrad, their family background is in farming, writing, politics, singing! Not everyone can be a good computer programmer, and having a bill favoring STEM will just force people to change and lose their passion and talents. 

3. At last, studying in the US is expensive to any Asian country. Most students want to stay and get a job only to pay back the tuition or the loan/debt they have in their home country. Is US a bank? Is US a free education provider to foreigners? We got to pick the best and keep them. We should make a good system of selecting the best and another good system to get rid of the rest as fast as we can.

Based on all the above, I believe the STEM extension is never a good idea in the first place, and the 24-month proposal is even worse. If we want the US to stay strong and great, we should discover the potential of US people and train them well, not retain foreign students.
