As an international student of information science major in Cornell, I strongly support this proposal. Of course, I am inclined to support this proposal but I believe the following reasons shows that the benefit of this proposal is also for the States as a whole. 

First of all, the proposal provides a way for the States to retain talents educated by US institutions.The information industry is one of America's strongest industry and is projected to keep being the industry that will shape the world in the future. However, there are many challenges lying on the way such as understanding the intelligence, dealing with larger amount of data and security. None of them is trivial and can be solved without the talents from other parts of the world. If America doesn't retain the talents, the solutions those talents can come up with will be owned by companies in India, China, Europe and other places. If that happens,America will gradually lose it advantage in IT industry, resulting in profound impact to other industry such as venture capital, banking, transportation and even everyday customer-facing services that being transformed by IT technologies.I believe this is not what the US people want to see.

Many who oppose this proposal are worried about the competition in job market intensified by international students. However, competitions can not be avoided. If US aids its native students by limiting international students, the international students will still work for non-US companies. Competition just shifts from US job markets to between US companies and foreign companies. The US students may seem to be able to find a job easier but overall US companies and industries are less competitive. In the long term, there will be less jobs for US students and the job market will get intensified anyway. But it's worse that job market being intensive at the beginning because at least in the beginning the US companies owns the international talents as well but in the later case, th