I strongly support this rule.

I completed my PhD in electrical engineering from University of Minnesota-Twin Cities and I am working in a reputed company but my H-1B application did not get selected in the lottery last year. This rule would definitely help me, and it can even further help my wife who was also not selected at H-1B lottery this year. Her OPT STEM extension expires in December 2015 and I was hoping this rule, which gives her 7 more months of OPT, will be implemented sooner allowing her to have one more chance at H-1B. I would like to further suggest changing this rule in a way such that people like my wife who will potentially be in the 60-day grace period after expiration of OPT status (Feb 2015 for my wife) would also be able to use this extension. This will give them another chance to apply for H-1B and keep contributing to American economy. My wife was awarded her master's degree in a microbiology-molecular biology combined program from University of Minnesota- Twin Cities and she is currently working as a scientist in a leading diagnostic company. She works on projects that will be making real difference for patients not just in America but all over the world. She would have to stop working in December even though she has a published thesis and years of experience. Only other alternative we have is both of us leave US and rebuild our future elsewhere.

Another reason that this rule should be implemented as soon as possible is the number of applications submitted for H-1B are getting higher and higher (more than 220,000 in 2015). This leads to a significant decrease in the chances of students, who have spent years here studying and honing their skills, getting a H-1B visa. It is difficult to understand the point of sending away highly skilled workers who were educated here and are already well-versed and immersed with the US culture, and instead bringing in lesser skilled foreign educated workers every year though H-1Bs. Especially the students wh