1)International students have become integral to the financial health of many U.S. higher education institutions, but the impact goes beyond money spent on tuition fees and living expenses. According to NAFSA, for example, for every seven international students enrolled, three U.S. jobs are created or supported, and in the 2013/14 academic year international students created or supported a total of 340,000 jobs nationwide.
2)According to a study, international students contributed almost $27 billion dollars to the U.S. economy in 2014, which corresponds to a 12 percent increase versus 2013 ($24 billion). By 2017, the global middle class is projected to increase its spending on educational products and services by nearly 50 percent, from $4.4 trillion in 2012 to $6.2 trillion.
3)International students are also helping to fill skills shortages at a time when the U.S. share of the world's science and engineering graduates is declining. A previous WES report noted that international students are a vital source of enrollments for STEM (science, technology, engineering and mathematics) fieldsin 2013 more than one in three international students in the U.S. was enrolled in a STEM field. International students also help promote a global learning environment. A recent study from Duke University shows that American students who actively interact with their international classmates are more likely to enhance their own self-confidence, leadership, and quantitative skills. 
4)The road ahead for U.S. institutions of higher education will see increased competition from new education destinations like China. The global share of international students in the U.S. has decreased from nearly 23 percent in 2000 to 16 percent in 2012, despite large absolute gains. International students in U.S. institutions of higher education today account for just 4 percent of total U.S. tertiary enrollments. As such, U.S. institutions have the capacity to enroll significantly more international studen