A Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for Immigration Studies revealed two shocking takeaways about the
OPT program that DHS proposes to expand: 
1. OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013, and 
2. OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare Trust funds.

There are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the U.S. in addition to 98,000 in 12 month OPT programs and 30,000 in 
29-month OPT programs. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines to job opportunities 
for American STEM workers, who do not have the same benefits. 

Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare 
taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range, but they cost Social Security 
about $1 billion dollars a year.

Prof. Norm Matloff of UC Davis says - "If the U.S. "needs" the foreign students to remedy a STEM labor shortage, why do 
these students need training? If workers with such training are needed, why won't these special mentoring programs be open
to Americans?"

Richard Trumpka, President of the AFL-CIO says - "The next Sergei Brin might be sitting in an American classroom right now, 
but if that future innovator cannot get an entry-level job in high tech because employers prefer importing temporary workers, 
entrepreneurial innovations will not occur in the United States."

David North, formerly of the U.S. Labor Department says - "U.S. employers are given a substantial bonus for hiring an alien 
college grad rather than an American college grad with the same skills and the same salary....it can be above $10,000."
"DHS, by defining a recent college grad as a student, takes both the worker and the employer out from under payroll taxes -- 
thus penalizing the Social Security and Medicare trust funds directly, and our elders indirectly."

Joe Cunningham of Red State says - "...D