Dear Madam or Sir:

I am writing to support this reasonable proposal to expand training opportunities for international students.

As a PhD in the STEM field, I am very grateful to the education and training opportunities given by this great nation and people every single day. Like other students who may have to leave next year, I come here to study alone and to get prepared to give back to whomever have helped me in this journey of learning. 

Because of this program, I am able to exercise my R&D skills from academia to one of the best research institutions. Most importantly, I have a chance to learn from other to strengthen the skills from academia and gain the knowledge that cannot be taught from textbooks. One of the technologies I am working on now already and will generate benefits to U.S. economy in a great volume. Moreover, there is almost no similar work in my home country for what I have been studying. Thus, this would not be possible without the OPT program, especially given many of us were not selected in H1B lottery.

On the Macro level, OPT program will boost the economy in various ways. For example, most of the international students do not make loans here, they pay tuitions and living expenses from their own pockets. This has been a good source to support U.S. universities in terms of research and infrastructures for teaching. This is also a reason why new jobs are created in many pertinent areas such as restaurants and tourism. On the other hands, the tech-industry and other industries can stay ahead globally because of these hard-working students. Some students also start small companies to make their innovative ideas real. 

It is not easy for F-1 student to find training opportunities after graduation. It took me 8 months with an advanced degree. Many friends of mine left shortly after graduation. It is usually the case that local students get job offers prior to graduation. Many international students are not considered by employers because of m