I totally agree with new OPT extension policy. I sent my child to US college one year ago. We pay expensive tuition to support her study and I know she works hard at school and she wants to have the chance to work for high-tech US company. Nowadays, H1B visa is not easy to get. So OPT extension period is her only chance to seek for a job. Please give her at least an equal opportunity to chase for her dream. 

I don't understand why those of you against the rule only complains about unemployment, not think of essence of that? International students are not the one should be responsible for your unemployment, they are hired because of their ability, not because those rule making them outstanding to the hiring companies. With the rapid development of technology, there are more and more job openings in US high-tech companies. You american citizens and those international students have the same opportunity to compete for those jobs, and you have more chance to win because this is your homeland, your families and friends are all here, you can use your mother language to talk, to write everyday. Why you are not aware of that? 

Most negative comments here are against the rule for nonsense. Some so called American citizens they are too angry about themselves so they put that anger to their government and those international students. In that way their problem will never have a solution. Complains will never end once they find there're audiences applaud for them.

To conclude, international students just do their best to study and work hard everyday. They come to the US because they like the diversity and inclusivity here. They want to use their wisdom, courage to contribute to this society. They can choose easier way to go back to their country but that would be your great lose. Indian and Chinese high-tech companies will welcome those students and they can use their knowledge obtained in your country, in your college and high-tech companies to make more contributions to th