I strongly support this proposal. I believe this proposal will first and foremost benefit American companies that hire international students who graduate from US institutions. When a person is hired, it would take time for him/her to get use to the hiring company's process. This company will also have to train them skills that are needed for their job. Therefore, the current total duration of the OPT and its extension of 29 months give the employee only two and half a chance to obtain the H1-B visa. Excluding the employee from working in the US after this 29 month period incurs significant cost to the US company, in terms of both the training expense for this employee, and the time to hire a substitute and the time and budget to train this new person. Meanwhile, expertise of the excluded person can benefit non-US companies.

International students by no means has any advantages over American students. It is the other way around. American students obtain first-world education since young age, and they generally have better communication skill than their international peer. What international workforce bring to the US are skills that are needed in the market. My manager once said it is VERY hard nowadays to find a software engineer proficient in C++ (a programming language.) If an individual possesses such unique skills, would he or she accept a lower wage than his/her American peers?

I do not believe any US companies would prefer international workers to American because they can offer them lower wage. Doing so would compromise their competitive position. The real danger to the US economy is that Americans would be unwilling to compete with skilled worker right inside the US; imagine how fragile the US economy would be. The trend of internationalization is omnipresent around the world. It helps create a healthier competition atmosphere and strengthen the position of US companies that adopts it.

More importantly, international employees share the same responsibilit