I strongly support this proposal and this proposal will benefit both international students and America.

1. The OPT extension rule will attract far more international students to America. Only a small portion of these students will eventually stay. Most students benefit the US economy by paying a huge amount for housing, tuition, food, service, etc and leave the US after graduation. 
2. The US high-tech industry is driven by admitting highly-skilled foreign workers. In major US universities, there are a large number of foreign faculties. They are dedicated to research and develop new technologies which make the US the most innovative country in the world. US technology giants like Facebook, Google and Microsoft rely on highly-skilled international employees to stay on top of the competition. The American-only labour force will not be able to satisfy the need of the Universities and high-tech companies. They need foreign workers to have enough resource to keep the US economy youthful and full of potential. 
3. Some people might believe that OPT extension will allow companies to hire international students for a lower wage which leads to a decrease of benefit and job opportunity for US citizens. However, this is completely not true. US companies are NOT allowed to hire an international student instead of a US citizen for a lower wage. As a matter of fact, it is much harder for an international STEM student to find a job than an American STEM student. International students have cultural and communications barriers which put them at a much lower hand during interviews. Furthermore, most companies prefer American students over international students because they do not want to go through the extremely complicated and unpredictable process of H1b application. Last but most importantly, in order to sponsor an international student, the employer will have to open the job to American citizens first. Only if no suitable American candidate is found can this position be award