Last year, about 250 Disney employees were told in late October that they would be laid off because their jobs were being transferred to immigrants on temporary visas. These were not the typical unskilled positions that Americans have chosen for the last 60 years to ignore, taking jobs in restaurants, hotels, and construction. The trend has moved to highly skilled technical jobs, such as computer programming, accounting, and laboratory technology using outsourcing firms based in India, Philippines, and other areas to fill jobs previously occupied by an American middle class. The layoffs at Disney are not just an anomaly. Other companies, including power utilities like Southern California Edison and technology giants like Microsoft, Facebook and Google repeatedly press for increases in the annual quotas, saying there are not enough Americans with the skills they need. 
According to federal guidelines, the visas are intended for foreigners with advanced science or computer skills to fill discrete positions when American workers with those skills cannot be found. Their use, the guidelines say, should not adversely affect the wages and working conditions of Americans. Because of legal loopholes, however, in practice, companies do not have to recruit American workers first or guarantee that Americans will not be displaced. This is ironic since some of the newly hired workers on H1B visas have been educated in the U.S.. 
There are over 500,000 F-1 students in the U.S. in addition to the 98,000 in 12-month OPT programs and 30,000 in 29-month OPT programs. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines the job opportunities for American STEM workers. OPTs are sought after by employers because they tend to be younger (cheaper) than their American competitors. Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $6