I am completed in favor of the extension of training opportunities for F-1 students. 

US Master programs have been a real attraction to foreign students (when compared to the master programs in European countries, i.e. UK, Germany, France, etc) not only because their high prestige in academia, but also because they provide foreign students opportunities to implement ones learnings into real business context. Such an advantage, in form of OPT, attracts top students around world to come to US for their "American dreams". Since the mindsets and capacities those top students possess enable them to keep pursuing business efficiency, delivering stella performance, and surpassing industry expectations, foreign students play a non-ignorable role in the development and innovation of technology and quantitative finance industry, which are two of the major drives for the recent surge in US economy, after the Crisis, let alone the dramatically evolving revenues in education industry itself contributed directly by foreign students. The cancellation of OPT extension program will largely discourage top foreign students from choosing US as the destination for their Bachelor's or Master's degree, and will tremendously slow-down the development of technology and quantitative finance industry.

Also, the extension of OPT programs can actively retain top foreign students in US companies after the completion of their grad school study. It is a shame (and of course make no sense to me) to let (or even force) those highly talented and extremely well trained foreign students to leave US with all the extensive knowledge learnt in US university, and to serve the benefits of other countries. 

Besides, I saw some local OPT-extension objectors claiming that OPT program itself is taking away job opportunities from US citizens and makes them much harder to find an entry level job. However, such an argument is rather ridiculous from multiple perspectives. First and for most, OPT extension is mai