I am asking Homeland Security why we are not limiting or stoping immigration, until all non immigrant students are properly trained and working. 
I demand we take care of our own first. Stop the illegal students that abuse their visas from taking native born American college student jobs. 
American born students are our future and should be treated as so. 
Cap-gap Relief for F-1 students.
I can't believe what is being done, to our college graduates.OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds. What is going on? The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S? Employers use it to get around the H-1B cap. 

DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program.
There are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the U.S. in addition to 98,000 in 12-month OPT programs and 30,000 in 29-month OPT programs. 
Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines the job opportunities for American STEM workers.
OPTs are sought after by employers because they tend to be younger (cheaper) than their American competitors. Employers save 7.65% when they hire foreign students instead of US workers. They don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range? While costing Social Security about $1 billion dollars a year. Stop this asinine practice and place Americans first. Social Security is bankrupt we need workers to fund it for American born retirees.

The proposed rule is open to every and all the world dregs to come here and take advantage of the American Tax payers hospitality. This Rule does not take into account the intelligence of the applicant or what the applicant can provide to our nation 