I think it is a nice regulation that protects the rights of those graduate and Phd students who want to contribute their knowledge and skills to the development of the STEM industries in USA. Many of them have already been creating a lot of huge benefits for their companies and the whole industry with their excellent math and scientific skills. Many of them are still using the OPT extension to continue to create new values. It would be unreasonable if we just stop the extension and deprive their rights of working in USA, ignoring how they have been working so hard for the development of this country.

Besides, F1 students with STEM Degrees have been a strong support for the IT, biotech and other industries for a long time. They have excellent performance in academy and equipped with outstanding math and IT skills. United States has always been a magic place attracts lots of foreign talents to realize their dreams and goals here. It is the open mind of welcoming all the talents coming around that helps shape the United States. With these elites in STEM industries, I am sure that this country will continue to play a leading role in high-tech fields in the world, which is the core competitiveness of United States. 

Furthermore, I do not think this regulation will greatly harm the working rights of U.S. Citizens. Firstly, the targets are nonimmigrant students. They come to this country not for immigration but for development deeper insights in the high-tech and scientific fields. Secondly, there are laws and regulation that protect the legal working rights of the citizens. So actually only those F1 STEM degree student with more excellent skills and performance than a local citizen will truly been hired by the companies. They serve as great addition but not the alternatives in a team, a corporation. So they would not threaten the legal rights of most citizens. Thirdly, those STEM students who come up with new ideas and create gorgeous designs actually are helping explor