What a shame that our Government has turned against it's own citizens, and it's own workers in favor of foreign student workers, who would be hired to fill high paying American jobs. My understanding is that Barack Obama attempted and force his own socialist agenda by not allowing the American people to comment on this issue.

Let me make myself clear that no foreigner deserves a better job or better pay in this country than an American does. Surely there are high-tech workers who are Americans that can fill these positions? So why give outsiders preferential treatment?

It is unfortunate that our leadership has chosen to take this route, and it is a slap in the face to every educated American who is struggling to find adequate work in today's economy. 

We saw what happened on 9/11 when foreigners had access to our educational system, namely our nations flight schools. They were first to enter this nation without really raising a red-flag, and then they were able to use one of our flight schools to learn to fly a plane. These men were Islamic terrorists who intended to do harm to the people of this nation.

Now our so-called leadership wants to bring in thousands of Islamic people from Syria, and distribute these people all throughout our nation virtually unchecked, and unverified. How many of these people have already been trained in terrorism camps? If anything we should be making it more difficult for foreign students, and other foreigners to come into this country under any circumstance.

Obama will undoubtedly tie the hands of the immigration and naturalization, and customs agents, so that they will not be able to properly screen and profile these so-called refugees being brought into our country, and settled in our cities and towns. This is a recipe for disaster in my opinion, and our people will pay the price in the long run for our leaders stupidity.

Why bring potential terrorists and put them in place of American workers? 

What is there to profit except 