I strongly support the proposed extension of 17 month stem opt extension to 24 months. I wanted to highlight how the stem opt extension personally played an important role in my life. I currently work for a private corporation after finishing my Ph.D. In biomedical engineering. I do R&D of medical devices used in diagnostic and treatment of lung cancer. The products I develop helps millions of people across the world including American citizens. 

Medical devices is a highly regulated industry and often it takes couple of years to successfully launch a product. Thereby the proposed extension will allow people like me to stay longer and get the practical training on successfully launching products in the market. Also, most development projects are done on a yearly basis. So extending the opt to 24 months helps people like to me to stay for 3 complete physical years, rather than leaving a project in the middle of development. 

Also, I want to emphasize the positive impact, students on opt like me bring to American economy. Personally, I am responsible for brining 2 projects to my company in US, which are traditionally done in our company headquarters in Japan. This lead our company to hire 2 additional people to support the projects. Also, these additional projects prevented one of our contract companies in US going defunct. 

I also want the proposed rule to allow students who have entered their 60 day grace period to take advantage of the proposed extension. Roughly, 18000 students are already in STEM extension and it is unfair to a fraction of them to miss out the chance to get the remaining 7 months because of the regulatory time involved in publishing a final rule. If the final rule takes into effect on Feb 15, students whose 17 month extension ends on that date cannot take advantage of this rule because it will be nearly impossible to get all the required documents approved by the end of their extension. Therefore I urge the DHS to consider including the studen