I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:
1, International STEM students pay higher education fee to study knowledge will benefit the University, and let them continual legally stay in US to make contribution will benefit this country. 
Most of STEM international students are come from China and India, their families and countries pay a lot of money for their study (much more expansive than the native students), this no doubt benefit the University in US and all native students could enjoy good quality facilities. If Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees, they could continue make contribution to our country. Why American let those hard working and knowledgeable students go back to their countries and waste education resource of US.

2, It is unfair to say that STEM international students take American peoples job position. 
IN THE FIRST PLACE, STEM students all doing high-tech and mathematical jobs in US, those kinds of job cannot taken by anyone, companies only give opportunities to someone who has enough ability, even there is no extension for those STEM students, some of the native people still cannot take the job position. 
WHAR IS MORE, without OPT extension for students to get H1B, many high tech companies in American will be damaged because lack of workers(I think those company could supply more DATA about their employment). This is obviously have bad effect on American economic.
ON THE OTHER HAND, few Chinese and Indian STEM student have chance to be a manager or leader in high-tech company, they only do the basic job. Back to 19 century, American gathered a lot of Chinese people to do the most heavy job to build railroad for US. The similar thing happened here: US people do the manage and design and let cheap and hard working foreigners to do the programing, mathematics, I cannot tell this kind of phenomena is bad for United state. It is US gain extra advantage from other countries.
LAST BUT NOT LE