I don't see any reasons for OPT Extension being cancelled at this point of time.

For some previous comments like "Some Companies hire cheap workers from India" and so on, as far as I know, this is not the case in general and has nothing to do with the OPT Extension Policy itself. It is more effective to ban those (perhaps illegal) companies and to check the qualifications for OPT Extension more strictly, instead of arguing for OPT Extension cancellation just based on those few bad examples.

Following the above point, the rumor that many companies pay international students lower-than-average wage and hence a lot of American ppl are losing job opportunities is also NOT TRUE. From my knowledge, it is ILLEGAL AND VERY RISKY for companies to against the labor laws to pay such a low wage. I've seen most international students DURING OPT AND OPT EXTENSION are enjoying the same wage rate and benefits as many locals do. Moreover, in almost all job descriptions pages from all companies, it says "All Candidates have EQUAL OPPORTUNITY", which means it is NOT the fault of OPT international students who eventually win the interviews and get the job offers. "AMERICAN FIRST" somehow also SHOWS DISCRIMINATION AGAINST those more capable international students, which SHOULD NOT be the universal value of USA.

From the history, we can see that international students help raise company values and boom the US economy.I see from so many company websites that many senior positions are taken by who are originally international students, which means companies recognize the value and contributions of international students and therefore just reward them accordingly. Also from the past news and papers, a lot of international students are putting their efforts in revolutionary technologies or patents, and hence create values for their employers, which also benefits the US overall. Another important culture value international students can bring is diversity. ALL US firms, schools and institu