Wanted to let you know that I'm not a happy camper when it comes to Department of Homeland Security's recommended rule that would expand the Optional Practical Training program. 

It's my understanding that it will allow U.S. tech companies to hire foreign students for up to 3 years and avoid paying their share of payroll taxes, equivalent to 7.65% of the employee's pay PLUS they don't have to pay a prevailing wage. 

This is BS! 

Got an idea for you... how about giving companies this tax break if they hire American grads and citizens first? This is what you'd really do if you REALLY cared about our nation!

If companies had this option would they hire US qualified American workers when they've got an "out?"

It's also my understanding that foreign student's pledge to RETURN HOME after graduating when they get their F-1 visa. Therefore isn't hiring these students against the law, or is this just another typical Obama administration and Dem party choosing what laws to follow and what laws to blow off ...again? 

Considering that our government doesn't have a system in place to deport those who over-stay their visas,hiring such students potentially just adds to the immigration problems as well.

Why in the hell do you think we're paying the high college tuition required? Why do you think college kids are taking out exorbitant loans to go to college when they think they'll be hirable upon graduation?

Is it perhaps that our colleges and universities are doing a CRAP job of educating our children well enough to satisfy the needs of tech companies?

If this is the case why is the government giving these institutions a pass to keep creating what equates to miss-educated incapable graduates considering that many of them get our tax dollars as well?

With recent college graduates struggling to find work, this is not the time to provide companies with an incentive to hire foreign workers over U.S. citizens.

Do you know how much these companies charge US citizens for their 