In my opinion, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students (the Proposed Rule), is beneficial to the economy and competitiveness of United States in various fields such as high technology, IT, R&D, and finance, etc.

First of all, applicable F-1 students earn their Bachelors, Masters and Doctoral degree in STEM-related fields in the United States. Their knowledge and experience can make great contribution to US-based companies and organizations, and thus US economy. If these graduates cannot get work authorization in US, they are forced to return to their home countries and work for other companies competing with US companies. For example, China has been a great rivalry to US in all aspects, and each year, there are tens of thousands of STEM students graduated from top-tier universities in US. If they are forced to return to China, they will work for Chinese companies, which compete with US companies in the market. With a labor force with best higher education in the world, Chinas innovation and competitiveness will rise dramatically in the near future. To stop this trend, The US government should try its best to keep these graduates to stay and work in this country so that they can use their knowledge and ability to profit US companies and organizations.

Second, the Optional Practical Training program, is very attractive to future foreign students. Other countries, especially European countries, does not offer work authorization to students of this scale. Thus, this is a major reason that foreign students choose this country. Foreign students pay much higher tuitions compared to local students, which becomes a significant source of funding for universities. With more funding, US universities can attract the best researchers and education professionals to continue to provide world-leading education that this country enjoys at present. In addition, foreign students co