I absolutely SUPPORT this proposal that extends STEM OPT to 24 months. And my reasons are as below.
Firstly, although some people say that the students who have OPT extension have gotten the jobs which should have belonged to them. This claim is very ridiculous. Since we, the international students, who have OPT extension seek jobs equally with the local, we have the same right and the same obligation rather than the special right or free duty. We find jobs just because of our competitive advantage. We have learnt broadly and deeply knowledge in the top schools, therefore, we found our internship. These who cannot find jobs in the market also cannot find jobs even if we do not have the OPT extension since they are so lazy and stupid, they do not like to study and work harder but find some ridiculous reasons to blame the boss, the government, and others. 
Secondly, most of international students find their jobs since they learnt what most of Americans not like to learn. We do the job which is hard and tired, hence, most of Americans do not like to do it. Without OPT extension, we cannot work in the America, or just work for a short time, but the local American cannot do our jobs, so, they do not find their jobs either, and our companies have to lose so many many excellent employees. And for government, she will also lose many taxes. So this proposal is a win-win strategy. Concealing this proposal only can make lost, nothing more.
Thirdly, we, the international students also contribute many GDP for America. Americans GDP is the highest around the world, this result cannot without the excellent mathematicians, scientists, engineers. The high-tech is the crucial point of GDP and economic growth. However, if the government cancels the OPT extension, most of international students who are major in science and technology will not study in the US, and the US will lost many many excellent experts. In order to keep the Americas international standing, the government have to s