The changes being recommended to the Optional Practical Training program should greatly benefit foreign STEM participants. Will this program improve the unemployment rate of their home country more than it will negatively impact ours? ...I wonder.
Allowing limited foreign exchange student study programs can benefit us all, if done intelligently. Work programs not so much. The OPT program should be scaled way back- not expanded. Allowing and encouraging foreign STEM students or otherwise, to take domestic jobs only benefits one side of the equation. Having a well educated society, most especially in third world countries, will accelerate their domestic and international progress. Encouraging these well educated graduates not to return to their own countries seems unnecessarily selfish on our part, since we are leaving so many of our own highly qualified graduates unprioritized and unsubsidized. The whole idea of this program seems to be that we don't generate enough qualified STEM graduates. I beg to differ. We do and anyone who declares otherwise just isn't looking. This program smells of big tech looking to import cheap foreign labor at taxpayer expense. The more serious damage is to our youth who will be disadvantaged and left without opportunity. This is all about subsidizing cheap foreign labor and it shouldn't be. 
There is a problem here, and it is one that we have created. We are talking about STEM graduates who have been allocated certain percentages of spots at our undergraduate and graduate institutions, who have been educated right along side our own students. Are they smarter than our students? I think not. They are more attractive to big industry for three reasons. The first big incentive for the OPT program participant is that this program gives them a chance not to return to their home country and to have an opportunity to become a US citizen (not so good for their home country). The second big incentive for big industry is that these OPT participants