As a international student who's not of a STEM major, I still would like to support this. I see this as a very good opportunity for America to show the world its philosophy in a positive way. Action speaks lounder as always. Right now the situation for international students in the US is nothing to be over complained about. Although we are, in many ways not treated as equal intelligent people as domestic students and in many areas we almost has no favor to compete with domestic students for the lack of network and mutual understanding; it's still tolerable since this is the way we choose for ourselves. However one would have right to sense the diminishing future for international students as a whole if this extension does not get approved-- an example for future government to use when working against immigrants and international personnel. 
Say treat people the way you want to be treated; no one, even from "the third world" would not like to beg a living from a hostile country. People come to US to study, for a different experience, for advanced technology; some choose to stay, they do not wish to set themselves against any people, simply wish to become part of a dream that even some Americans no longer believe.
Let alone the sentimental talking, it's beneficial for both US government and its citizens to approve this extension. For the most obvious, it will attract more international students to study in the US therefore boost the economy. Not everyone wish to stay in the US, but having had work experience in a American company certainly makes one's resume stand out. On the other hand, if the employer sees one has study experience in US but no work experience, it's likely going to turn out negatively. So if international students could sense that the chance of getting a job to practice their knowledge, after paying all the tuition that's times more expensive than domestic student's, is so slim. It's easy to realize there's not much sense to be a money making tool ju