I STRONGLY support the rule of improving and expanding training opportunities for F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees and cap-gap relief for all Eligible F-1 students.

Firstly, STEM students are making a great contribution to the economics of US. STEM students work in the fields such as IT, engineering, banking, which constitute the majority of the economics of the whole nation. US needs a large amount of high-quality STEM students to continuously take part in and expand in these fields, in order to support and improve the economics. On the contrary, the shortage of potential employees in such fields will directly jeopardize the foundation of affected fields. What's worse, sooner or later, the economics of the whole nation is compromised and becomes incredibly difficult, if not totally impossible, to undo the severe consequence.

Secondly, in today's world economics, it is unwise to enforce any protectionism in order to achieve some short-term or unreliable benefits. Human resources are the most valuable to any economic entity, which has been a common view of most countries in the world. US has endeavored for more than one hundred years to build up its own reputation of being an open and free country, where human rights and ideas are highly valued. "It takes 20 years to build a reputation and five minutes to ruin it." In today's more and more connected world, five minutes are just a too-long period. US needs to be able to keep as many high-tech working labors as possible, rather than to send them away to other entities which are more than willing to receive.

To sum up, I believe the proposed rule to improve and expand training opportunities for F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees and cap-gap relief for all eligible F-1 students should be favored, considering the high-tech industries STEM students will work in have critical impacts on the nation's economics and US can also face the competition of other economic entities where human resources are equ