This is similar to the H1-B visa program which I.C.E of Homeland Security refuses to enforce. Homeland Security is a useless ineffectual branch of the government that does not deport foreigners with expired H1-B visas. I was told this fact by an I.C.E officer in San Antonio, TX

I greatly oppose any action of this kind!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

The H1-B program is America's Trojan Horse. The fact Rubio (whose parents were foreigners - Cubans) supports the taking away/giving away jobs from Americans, making more of us unemployed is the ultimate of wrong.. 

This position shows how massively out of touch Rubio and his cohorts in the government are regarding the replacing of Americans with foreigners. The U.S. unemployment isn't the government lie of 5.5%, but closer to 25% for unemployed and grossly underemployed Americans. 

I have personally had to train some of these people so I could turn over work at the end of a contract (they aren't necessarily trained as government supporters contend). In 2002, I witnessed a company go thru 3 foreigners before they found an American accompanied by a foreigner to satisfy the performing of a technical task. 

Their unspoken goal is to control all of the world's Information Technology. The group that controls all of the world's technology can control the world. They have access to your personal bank, insurance and numerous other accounts.

The tenure of these people in this country is supposed to be an initial 3 years with a "possible" extension of another 3 years (for a total of 6 years). The government does not police those who have expired visas and deport these Federal law breakers. 

It is estimated, there are over one million of these people in country with expired visas taking jobs from unemployed Americans. Rubio wants to triple the visa cap? Does Rubio have a foreign bank account that is being filled with rupees?? 

After all, our government is patterned after that of ancient Rome, where military over-extension, the deva