As the new OPT Extension rule was posted, the previous OPT Extension regulation will be effectively replaced. 3 years OPT will give the international student enough time to get trained in a sound training program in the United States and make a good contribution for the whole society. United States of America is a relative equality and equilibrium country and provided the most valuable opportunities for the people who want to make a good contribution for it. The new OPT extension is such a way that perfectly explain the importance of how to remain those people. In the 21st century, competition in science and technology and for talent people is more important than a triumph from a War. Nowadays, most of the developed and developing countries have their own way and regulations to grab talents from all over the world to make good contribution in science and technology for them. If the OPT extension was failed and become invalid, the brain drain in the US is inevitable. Talent people will attend other talent introduction program to exploit their talent. A negative effect may involved the US economy and development speed in science and technology. As so many young and talent people step into the US university, people from all over the world get well educated and trained in their skilled field. I believe there will be a huge lost for the United States if those people have to choose go back to their own country. 
At present, OPT extension is a relative fair method to keep a balance of employment competition. On one hand, US government will have enough time to test and trained the real talent people to make sure the elites are remained. On the other hand, talents have time to get trained and make a good contribution in science and technology for the US. 
Therefore, I strongly support the new OPT Extension regulation and I am excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months.
Thank you for your time and consider