I strongly support this proposal, because I am the one who literally need this new rule, I did not get the working visa on my opt, and rely on this opt extension to get a second chance to go into the lottery again. But, my reason to support this rule is not only for the interest of myself, but for interest of American, please read the following carefully:

1. International students is a big consume group, me as an example, I spent $72000 tuition in college, $40000 for a car, $30000 daily expense each year, I brought this money from China, they went to the pocket of American car dealers, real estate owners, small business owners, etcs, and eventually they are gonna go to the pocket of American workers. I myself brought almost $180,000 from China to America, this money can create jobs! there are tens of thousands international students like me who can benefit American small business, contribute a lot to American economy, and help create jobs. If you don't support this rule, you are sending an information to international students that they are not welcomed, this money is gonna shift to other countries like U.K, Canada, Australia who can also provide great higher education.

2. American workers are not competing with international students, you are competing with the talents around the world! Time is changing! China is chasing you! Right now the GDP of China is 11 trillion dollars per year, the GDP of America is 17 trillion dollars per year, if China grow at 8% each year, America grow at 2% each year, within 10 years, China is gonna be the No.1 economy body in the world, in 2050, the economy scale of China is gonna be 3 times of America's, at that time, your trade ally is gonna lean toward China, your traditional ideology allies such as U.K, Europe, Canada, Australia are gonna lean towards China, because China can provide them more money and benefit their people, your military power is gonna shrink, since China has more money to build military. And China is doing his b