I support the new OPT regulation for eligible F-1 foreign students in STEM majors, as a great supplementary to the labor force and a potential incentive to the US domestic economy.

These F-1 students will contribute more to the US economy if they have the opportunity to stay in the country, instead of going back to their home country. Most of the STEM students major in engineering, computer science and bio-related science. These majors have been shown to be less popular to domestic students anyway (40% total, National Science Fundation). On the contrary, these industries are expanding rapidly in these years, offering the community countless benefits, such as faster Internet, richer online community and new drugs and healthcare products. These benefits apply to all US citizens. Therefore, the F-1 students in STEM majors are a good supplementary to these fast-growing industries. This is how economy works, the expertise of a small group of people will benefit the general public. In addition, these foreign students have enjoyed the best education system in the world. It would be a huge waste of our education resources if we do not allow them to contribute their knowledge and expertise to our economy, but rather simply send them back to their home country. 

On the other hand, the extension of the OPT program will not significantly affect the unemployment rate. Some voice shows concern of the impact of the foreign students on the job market. However, this is complete overstress, which can be shown from statistics. The total F-1 students in the country, according to SEVIS statistics (July 2015), is approaching 1 million, in which only 38% is STEM major, in which population 75% focuses on engineering, computer science, and biological and biomedical science. Comparing to the total labor force in the US (158 million) and the current unemployed population 7.9 million (5% unemployment rate, Bureau of Labor Statistics, Oct 2015), the population of F-1 students in STEM major is