I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:

1. The expansion of OPT session for STEM students is to interest of Unites states' core competence.
These STEM international student holding advanced degree are high-end scientists, engineers, which could make huge contribution to the science research, technology development. American always value technology, which actually benefits the nation and let America lead the world for decades. You can think tons of examples easily. Just check American's receipts of Noble prizes, you have to admit a large portion of them were international students first and them immigrate to U.S. 

Moreover, these STEM advanced degree holders helped and will continue helping the economy's bloom of U.S. High-tech industries relies on engineers and scientists. And the profit of high-tech technology is huge and has been the contributing the economy for decades. 

You can find the counties like China are trying have to attract these STEM graduates to build their economy and high-tech industries. Losing these people is degrading the core competence for United States. 

2. The expansion of OPT session for STEM students is in accordance with America's principles and foundations. Diversity, equal opportunities and freedom are the key principles of this nation and very important for the U.S. 
American have been selling the "American dream" idea to attract the talents across the world, and this expansion proposal is the real thing needs to be done! These students with advanced degree won't steal the job opportunities from the U.S. citizen, they are getting jobs that are lacking the human resources. From the interest of themselves, they are just chasing a better life, their American dreams. I believe for these potential scientist and engineers, they won't find much difficulties to find a job in other countries if they have to leave American. All they find is the regression to chasing their "American dream". At the end of the day, they believ