OPT extension has to be approved, thats obvious for too many reasons. 
In a word, OPT extension is whats attracting the best people from around the world to build the economy of this country, if its canceled, the economy of the US will soon to decline and finally America will lose the ability to compete with some fast-growing countries. At that point, more Americans will be out of jobs. 
The following are detailed explanations. 
First of all, without the OPT extension, I believe most well educated international students will choose to go back to build their own countries, and as a result, many industries in America, especially the IT industry, one of the most important industry that made America so innovative and powerful today, will be affected hugely. If that is the case, its foreseeable that America will lose to China and India in technology very quickly. By providing opportunities to and attracting the most talented people and scientists from all over the world to this country is what has made America so great for a long time. As a graduate student at one of USs prestigious school, University of Pennsylvania, Im starting to understand what international students are bringing to this country. Just 2 months ago, I attended one of the biggest hackathon in the states (a programming competition which requires students to form teams and build a software or product in only two days). At the product domo day, I saw a lot of awesome software that could be very useful in our life, and most of them werebuilt by international students, some of them even built a robot, just in two days. At that point, I started to realize that these people used to the best in their own countries, but now they are all here trying to build something in this country using their talented brains, that's what made America so energetic today. 
Second, OPT extension or OPT itself is never the reason why some Americans can not get a job, a lot of my friends can not get a job right after graduation, b