I strongly support to the new OPT STEM extension policy. The policy is beneficial to international students, STEM field companies and American economy, more importantly it is in accordance with the spirits of United States. 

Some comments is arguing about this is using the tax payers' money to support foreign students. This argument is totally on the opposite of facts. In fact most of the international students pay their tuitions in full compared to their American classmates pay way less, especially for in state students in a public school. A lot of universities even intentionally admit more international student to support domestic students and support the researches conducted since international students would pay more for their education. It is very reasonable to provide practice trainings for the full paid international students for them to gain experiences and gain advantage in their own countries' job market. At the same time, due to the lack of STEM professionals in US, the students are also necessary to US. 

For those who think the policy is giving the job opportunities to foreigners, I would say, it is not the policy but people's competence that gives the jobs to foreigners. However, most of the employees in STEM field are still Americans. The companies would hire students for their knowledge and special skills. In fact, if the students are later sponsored by their employer for H1B visa, it means the student has special skills that the company would pay even more on supporting student's H1B status. The competition is always a great way to foster economy and because of the diversity the ethnics and US's open policy for immigrants, could US be the No.1 in the world. The short vision of thinking forbid internationals students to work in US would lead to less and less international students to study and work in US. Since the students who are capable of surviving in highly competitive admission process of top universities in US, this would hamper the leading p