I am supporting the new OPT extension rule. I think it will benefit US economy a lot.

1. The new rule will be beneficial to high tech companies like Google, Apple, Amazon and also start-up companies. STEM innovation, a key driver of national economic growth, has increased significantly the global demand for STEM talent. International STEM students contributes through research, innovation, and the provision of knowledge and skills that help maintain and grow increasingly important sectors of the U.S. economy. The OPT extension will help to meet the increasing demand for STEM workers. According to a report by the Information Technology & Innovation Foundation in 2010, the number of STEM graduates will have to increase by 20-30% by 2016 to meet the projected growth of the US economy. Overall, STEM employment grew three times more than non-STEM employment over the last twelve years, and is expected to grow twice as fast by 2018. Imported talent is necessary to meet increasing demand for STEM skills. Engaging students in science, technology, engineering and math fields has emerged as a national priority not just for the nations educational system, but also for the economy. The U.S. Presidents Council of Advisors on Science and Technology predicts that in the next decade, U.S. will need approximately 1 million more STEM professionals than it will produce at current rate. Currently, only about 300,000 graduates obtain bachelor and associate degrees in STEM fields every year. In order to create this new workforce of 1 million additional STEM experts, that number needs to increase by 100,000 annually. Both Barack Obama and Mitt Romney supported the Act during their campaigns, recognizing that foreign STEM students are job-creators. A recent University of California-Berkeley and Duke University study found that 25% of engineering and tech companies set up in the US between 1995 and 2005 had at least one foreign-born founder. The benefits to US workers are obvious. According 