I support the proposed OPT STEM rule, although it may have some shortcomings, it is still a solid initiative to address the employment issue for international students. I support it for the following reasons:

1. The U.S. leads the world a lot due to its high tech industry involving STEM employees, and most international students in STEM fields are the best in their countries. They would choose to pursue higher degrees in the U.S. because of rules like OPT/OPT STEM which gives them a lot of flexibility and opportunity in career development, and many of the international students would eventually become major contributor to U.S. economy. Without OPT STEM, STEM students would only have 1 year to work and convert their status through H-1B, which is far less than enough.

2. As stated in #1, we can say that without OPT STEM, a major number of international students would not choose to study in the U.S., instead they will choose to study in countries like Canada which will likely give them permanent residency after they graduate and have a job. In 2013-14, according to http://www.iie.org/Services/Project-Atlas/United-States/International-Students-In-US, there're 886,052 new enrollment for international students in the U.S. Imagine the tens of billions of tuition, tax and consumption income they would bring to U.S, not to mention they're mostly creative young men who can make the U.S. stronger.

3. The OPT STEM duration needs to be 24 months, because it typically takes years to master a skill. Also many students would like to pursue a real career in the U.S., and the original 12 months is far from enough. In fiscal year 2015 the chance of getting a H-1B visa is so low, less than 50% even for students with advanced STEM degrees, less than 30% for everyone else. Early termination of OPT will cause a discontinuity of these students' career thus cost great damage to the companies they work for.

4. The OPT STEM program will neither "steal" job from U.S. citizens nor reduce th