Henry Yuan I fully support this proposal extending the OPT period by 24 months beyond the 12 months original period. The reason being having highly educated and elite immigrants is absolutely crucial to America's success.

1. Looking back in history, the reason that sets US in the leading position in science and technology, the key of success at any stage of the human history, is that US can always stay attractive to top talent in the world. Albert Einstein, Oppenheimer, Steve Jobs, Sergei Brin. All of them are first or second generation immigrants. If there are any immigrants that US would accept, the college and post college graduates should be the ones. These are the ones with highest potential to be successful and contribute the most to the American society than any other source of immigrants.

2. Having these OPT eligible immigrants stay in the US is beneficial to the US economy. Rarely these highly educated talents require governmental financial aid in the course of their lives. These talents are among the highest production/social cost ratio in the population, meaning their production and hence tax contribution is among the highest comparing to their cost to the society and the government. These people will be the backbone of the middle class and the powerhouse of the American productivity.

3. Not having these talents will be highly detrimental to the American success. If these talents cannot stay in the US due to difficult policies, they will go to other countries such as China becoming scientists and technologists. America's loss becomes others' gain. America will get double hit in this competition for talents. Human capital especially elite human capital is the single deciding factor in the modern global competition and US cannot afford educating these talents but only losing them to other countries.

4. Not having these college or graduate school graduates will slowly lower the quality of the American higher education. A large portion of faculty members in American universities are first generation immigrants, who went through this exact OPT process in their early career years. If these people could not facilitate their career development due to legal status issue, US would not have these elite scientists, researchers, and professors at the first place. Also a difficult OPT policy would discourage international students who have the "American Dream" to ever come to American universities for higher education. This would lower the competitiveness in the universities and eventually make US college graduates less competitive in the global arena.

For above reasons I fully support this proposal to allow STEM graduates longer period for their early career development as these people form an important part of America's future.
