It's a very good rule. Other people have already explained its benefits so I don't want to repeat what they have already said. Now I will refute some opponents' opinions and prove those opponents to this rule are deadly wrong.

1. Some people claim that OPT will place international student above US students in job market. It's deadly wrong! OPT is merely a temporary work authorization for international students. For US students, they already have permanent work authorization for their entire life. OPT can NOT bring any advantage to international students, compared to the permanent work authorization owned by US students. On the contrary, OPT brings more risks and uncertainty to US employers than US citizens. OPT is temporary while most employers will NOT want to see their employees who have worked for 3 years to leave. So they will have to pay money to help them apply for H1B or EB green card. It will increase the cost to hire international students. So US employers will absolutely hire US students first. They will hire international students ONLY after they find they can NOT find QUALIFIED US students. So US students will still keep their advantage over OPT students and US students will always be the first choice for employers, even if this new proposal becomes official rule. This proposal will NOT affect the competence of US students and US students will always keep its advantage over OPT students, that is, US students are more stable and risk-free.

2. Some people claim that the wage for OPT students is lower than US students and employers may use cheap labor to replace US students. It's also Deadly Wrong, too! The wages of workers are determined by the market and it follows supply-demand relationship. If the demand for workers is high while the supply of workers are low, employees will give high wages to compete for one worker. On the other hand, if the demand is low and supply is high, workers will accept low wages to compete for one job. It's similar in this c