I strongly support new OPT extension rules 

Some people propose that interest of US STEM students is compromised due to potential opportunities provided through OPT-extension. 

I disagree with this. 
Students with US citizenship having STEM degrees have SIGNIFICANT advantages over international student with F1 VISA. Most companies running on US either reserve lots of technical positions for US students due to security issues or place priority to US students when recruiting. For example GE and Comcast, they do not recruit international students for 99 percent of their STEM positions. 

According to some observations, in some US top 20 engineering graduate schools, US students not only enjoy different kinds of scholarships reserved for them and they have bigger opportunities to get intern and job offer, which require much larger efforts from their international peers to gain same opportunities. 

If international students are forced back to their original country, which will in return cause job loss in US.

For example, Internet companies in China now are able to offer about 40-60k USD / year for 2-3 year experience engineers. And salary kept fast growing in China in recent years, many Chinese engineering students are already becoming indecisive regarding where to go. If OPT extension is revoked, US educated international engineering students will be forced to go back to contribute to companies in their original countries, US companies might lose their advantages over those competitors. The capability of making profit of US companies will be weakened. To reduce cost, US tech companies will try to establish more offices in China and India, Thus the job opportunities will shift from US into China and India. I am sure that is not what US STEM students want to see. 

If international students are forced back to their original country, which will in return cause TUITION INCREASE in public universities.

According to survey, international students averagely pay three or f