I stand for DHS'S OPT ruling. DHS, you are saving the U.S.

Why? First of all, this OPT ruling will ABSORB the most brilliant from around the world to the U.S, which is why U.S has been the leader of the world. Those who think this ruling will be a detriment, in my humble opinion, are the REAL DETRIMENT to the U.S. You are afraid of positive competitions. You reject the pursuit of excellence. In my eyes, maybe a communist country will better suit you.

Also, this ruling will not place American job seekers in a dangerous place. Foremost, there are significantly less opportunities for them to work in the U.S, i.e., almost all state-related jobs are not applicable to them. Second, not all of them really want to stay in the U.S. Nowadays, more and more rich Chinese kids are going to U.S to take a degree and go back to China. To them, living in America is living in just another (might even not be a better)place. 

What if this OPT ruling is turned down by your(those who oppose this ruling) ignorance? I know Google, facebook, Amazon... all the tech companies will be largely impacted. It is the U.S's slackness on STEM education that results in the shortage of STEM workers. Simply cancel this ruling? Well, it is no different to lie to yourself. It is not the American way at all. Although I see the effort the state have put in promoting the STEM education, the immediate need cannot be met. Otherwise, why Google hires excellent international candidates? Do you think Google pays less to international employees? They got the jobs because they are QUALIFIED, rather than CHEAP. 

Turning down this OPT ruling will also affect the economies of colleges, especially public schools. International students pay out-of-state tuition, which typically equals to 2-3 times of a in-state tuition. Apart from that, their consumer activities are CONSIDERABLE. Also, do not forget, their US dollars comes from out of the country, while your American slackers' dollars are just another round of circu