I strongly support expanding OPT for STEM students.

It is so obviously that the foreign students as well as the U.S. society have already benefited from the OPT, and will still enjoy the beauty of it if this proposal gets passed. 

In 2014, the continued growth in international students coming to the U.S. for higher education had a significant positive economic impact on the United States. International students contributed more than $27 billion to the U.S. economy, according to the U.S. Department of Commerce. It is a very simple example that the foreign students are contributing so much to the U.S. economy. Just imagine what will happen if the STEM extension gets canceled. Foreign students show less interests in the U.S. education because of the fewer intern opportunity which could be a good practice for what they have learnt. The income of universities/colleges (especially the private ones) keeps decreasing because of the falling number of foreign students who usually pay higher tuition compared with the native/local students. The tech companies will sooner or later lose opportunities to hire the high-quality foreign employees because less of them are willing to the U.S.. This chain will definitely have an essentially impact on the U.S. economy, and even eventually destroy it.

The variety is one of the most fabulous parts in the United States. It's also one of the most important reason why the U.S. becomes the supreme nation in the world. The colleges/universities achieved their varieties by enrolling numerous international students, especially STEM students, in the recent years. So there is no reason that we set back the varieties in the job market. The job market needs the international students to enlarge their vision/horizon. The companies need the fresh international "blood" to force them to think, work and strategize internationally, in order to maximize their profits globally.

To sum up, if you do not want to lose the (economic/cultural) opportunities o