Extending STEM OPT for international students will be a great action if we make it as a law. This action, which is even better than the current 17 month rule, will benefits not only the students themselves but also domestic labors and therefore will make a big difference to the growth of US economics. I highly support this action because of the following reasons:

1. We should protect these people who are making a huge contribution to the US rather than forcing them out. In 2011, Fortune 500 companies employed 3.6 million workers around the world and produced more than $1.7 trillion in revenues in 2010. Most international students work in scientific and technology fields. STEM are fields critical for the US to ace at in order to continue its leadership in the world. 

2. It is not competition, it is producing more jobs! The so-called competition is short-sighted and not true. We need international students stays and work for us because domestic labors are far from enough. We definitely would like to hire domestic people as long as they are qualified for the job, unfortunately some times it is really hard to find a qualified US citizen for some specific positions. International labors then became the only choice. Just imagine what gonna happen if we lose these great people? Most of the High-tech companies cannot run at all! There will be a lot of domestic labors lose theirs jobs if we lose international labors because companies will slow down and even stop. 

3. Should we train them, make them grow and let them go back to serve their countries after one year? Most of people get skilled after hired for one year or two. We should definitely have them serve us for longer rather than forcing them back to home! We should take full advantage of our resources rather than wasting our time and money on short-term forces. Give them more time and let them serve for our country! More tax, more jobs and greater GDP

There is no reason for any of us to opposite this 24 month STEM 