I support this rule.

Providing sufficient OPT period is essential for maintaining the great value of the higher education system in the United States. This is the main reason why a large number of top students from foreign schools would choose US for further education and this significantly stimulates economy and creates jobs. Association of International Educators estimates that international students and their dependents contributed approximately $21.81 billion to the U.S. economy during the 2011-2012 academic year. This conservative figure is based on tuition figures from Wintergreen Orchard House, enrollment figures from the Institute of International Education's Open Doors 2012 report, living expenses calculated from Wintergreen Orchard House figures, and overall analysis of the data by Jason Baumgartner, Director for Information Services at Indiana University Bloomingtons Office of International Services. De-valuating the US higher education system by not providing enough OPT time will simply turn the $21.81 billion away, not to mention there are only a small percentage of international students will find a job and working in the US after graduation, and because of the H1B cap, most of the international students will need to return their home county. 

On the other hand, it is important to not confuse legal immigrants with illegal immigrants. While people are taking about "build a "wall" or deporting illegal immigrants, both sides in the congress wouldn't disagree with the importance to provide legal immigrants a feasible pathway for permanent residency or citizenship. The reason why US is leading in technology is partially because the county welcomes skilled immigrants. Even Donald Trump mentions he welcomes people who come into this country legally. International students are potentially a big portion of legal immigrants. They bring the skills the country needs. 

In summary, I support this rule because: first, it maintains the value of the US higher educat