As an international student who has completed a STEM graduate program this year, is currently on OPT, and will soon need OPT STEM, I strongly agree this proposal to extend the STEM program.

1. Revocation of OPT STEM will jeopardize the education industry

Most of the international students has chosen America as their first choice for foreign study because of the existence of the OPT and STEM program, which give students enough time to gain relevant working experience and evaluate their own career path after graduation. Most of the students will stay if they are able to find a job that matches their expectation of career development. US does have a lot of famous universities in the world, but a degree is only valuable with the corresponding training experience together.

Without OPT STEM, America will be much less attractive to international students. A thought like "Why would I go to a country for study where they take away my money but don't provide a way for me to stay and develop" is pretty common. Considering that the tuition and fees in most US colleges is pretty expensive and is still keeping going up, no one is willing to spend at least 100k dollars and just get a degree in return, and then forced to leave the country.

If the number of foreign students goes down, colleges will not only lose necessary money to support research and development, but also lose talents from all around the world, who has been contributing to this country for a long time. 

2. Revocation of OPT STEM will jeopardize industry revenue

I'm in the IT industry, and clearly a lot of IT companies hire many international students. Revocation of OPT STEM will result in a huge gap for these IT companies due to the lack of labor power. Their revenue will certainly drop down and they have to spend much longer time on recruiting. Besides, the students who are able to secure a job in a foreign country are usually talented with great capability and professional skills. If they are forced to leav