The Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule to expand the Optional Practical Training program amounts to corporate welfare. This is obvious from the list of lobbyists and supporters. The losers are the U.S. citizens. You are the what?... Dept. of what? Homeland _Security_ ? Huh????

The proposed rule from the Department of Homeland Security to expand the Optional Practical Training program would be a detriment to American tech workers, especially recent college graduates. I am an engineer with 28 yrs experience and I've seen and experienced the damage that the non-immigrant Federal programs and laws impose upon the public. 

The program would artificially expand the pool of available workers for jobs particularly in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields. As a result, this would put downward pressure on wages for all tech workers. This is what the corporate welfare-queens want. This is the objective. Furthermore, the program actually gives incentive to employers to hire foreign students because they don't have to pay the employer portion of payroll taxes or a prevailing wage. Immigration policy should serve in the interests of American workers, not against it.

The OPT allows U.S. employers to hire foreign students for up to 1 year or up to 29 months in certain fields of study. The program was meant to provide foreign students with on-the-job training that would benefit them when they return to their home countries. Huh? Why is this a reason for a program, a priori?? It undermines our citizen graduates. 

However, this proposed rule, which will extend the program for STEM students to 36 months, would create a bridge to a longer-term work visa and eventual green card. This is a direct violation of the foreign student's pledge when they received their student visa to leave the country upon graduation. It's hard enough already for American workers, especially recent U.S. graduates, to find work, and this rule would make it even more difficult 