I fully support the action. 

F1 visa holders, especially STEM students are well educated workers and contributors for US economy. A lot of people are arguing that these international students replaced the job positions, which should have belonged to US citizens. But this is not the truth for a couple of reasons:

First, the employers in the US are in need of those students not because they are cheaper but because there are not enough QUALIFIED workers among US citizens in the STEM field. It's not a replacement but supplement. Without those supplement, some companies may shrink or even die. So that a lot more people will lose jobs. 

Second, with these qualified workers, employers are able to earn more profits and expand their business, and so they can hire more people from US citizens and pay more tax to further benefit the whole US community. 

Third, not all students are hired by current employers, rather, some of them are entrepreneurs and started companies on their own and then offer jobs to a lot more US citizens. They also pay more tax and further benefit the whole society. 

Forth, someone commented that the US have enough citizens that are able to do math well and don't need more foreign people to run numbers for them. But actually that's the exact reason why they can't do the job and need the help from foreign students. They don't even understand the difference between STEM and running numbers. How can they do the job? It's a waste of resources if they don't take advantage of the well trained workers. 

Fifth, these well trained people won't just disappear if the US don't accept them. Instead, they will be hired somewhere else in the world. It's a global market, even for human resources. If those well trained qualified people are hired by some other big companies located in some other countries, those companies are able to develop fast and of course will influence the US market. But the companies in the US are struggling to obtain the limited number of qua