Ladies and gentlemen. Please take a couple of minutes out of your day to actually READ the proposition. 
I'm seeing many comments on here that scream of ignorance and it is obvious that a lot of people did not read this proposed rule. 

Some of the details:
-U.S nationals will be protected, i.e. They will not fire you and hire an outside worker to do your job without substantial basis.
-They are getting paid the same, there is no incentive for employers to replace Americans with foreigners.
- There is a deficit of skilled STEM employees who are American. The argument that there are so many unemployed people looking for jobs that the foreigners have taken up is flawed. If those unemployed are not qualified to take up that position their issue is not with this extension. This is for STEM. Half of STEM graduates are foreign and people seriously think removing potentially half of an industry's new work class is a good idea. Those unemployed who are not in STEM should not have any issue with this proposed plan. The overwhelming number of unemployed Americans are not STEM graduates.
-If this rule is thrown out and STEM graduates are immediately asked to leave after graduation. The number of foreign students in the US will drastically decrease. Taking with them millions of dollars in school fees and purchasing power. 
Good luck funding scholarships after that, fees for local students will have to rise or the quality of education decrease. 

These are just some of the more poignant points of the rule. 

I am yet to see any argument against the rule that is compelling. 
The issue of "they are taking our jobs" is just not true.
The issue of "Americans will take the jobs that they vacate" is not true.
The issue of "Get the foreigners out, send them back to their own country" well; For a country that was built on immigration, it is alarming to see the negative opinion of many on lawful immigration. Immigration, in this case, that has few cons and many pros. 

Take the time to r