I strongly support expanding training opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees. 

First, both students and companies wins. This expanding helps American companies find suitable candidates with engineer background for their global business and provides a chance for excellent students to know about how the company works in different areas and then help them to play a more important role either in technology or in business for their companies. This method not only saves companies' time to find the right person but also saves their money. This is because the students who works around two years in the states can get a better understanding about their working while with only one year OPT. It is very hard for them to have a deep and overall understanding about the technology their working on. And after these two years, students could become an expert in certain technology area and could be a leader back to their country for their companies' other technical center. These students with great technology background know well about their country and their culture. This advantage helps their company to expand their business globally and effectively. It is highly possible that the company gain some advantages because of the high efficiency. Meanwhile it is an excellent chance for students' personal development. They can gain the special working experience of working in difference area and apply the good skills they learned in one area into another.

Second, This is an information exchange between university and industry. The reason why students can to States is because they have strong desire to know better, to dig deeper in their major and to be top in their area. With this passion, they become excellent in their studying area. OPT gives these students a chance to know how industry operates and find a way to combine their theoretical study with practical industry. While the company can have fresh student bring in the latest research topic and idea which may 