I strongly support this OPT extension policy.

Though I am not a US citizen, here I try to talk about some reasons why this policy is a must for United States.

Now more and more foreign students are coming to US to attend college and the most of them choose science and engineer majors. Why them bother to do so? Why them decide to choose these challenging fields? Because many of them seek to gain working experience and the opportunity to put their knowledge into Practice after graduation. And stem OPT extension is necessary for them to achieve this goal.

I am currently doing my PhD research in a State University and our University is also a famous Engineering School. I observe that more and more kids from my country, China, choose my school for their undergraduate and graduate study(Master programs in majority). And the most of them go to stem majors.

These students bring money. Can you image how much money they bring to US? Most American students in our school are from Virginia and they pay in-state tuition while these Chinese Kids have to pay international tuition which is much higher than in-state tuition. In these two years our school is doing a large renovation project. We are building new dorm for incoming international students. We are expanding our parking lot. We are building more dining halls. We are extending our library, etc. I notice even the assistantship for graduate students has been increased. All these changes requires large amount of money. As a state university we may not have the chance to receive huge amount of donation compared with private university so I believe the tuition paid by international student contributes at least 90 percent of the cost.
No doubt American kids benefits a lot from all the things above. More money means better facilities, better professors, larger gym and library, bigger parking lot, and more.

These students bring more jobs. On one hand, our university are hiring more staffs and professors to satisfy these large g