I strongly support this proposition by the following three points:

1. This proposition ensures that international students in STEM fields can gain much more industry experience than what they can gain from other countries. The current 17-month OPT-extension rule is one of major reasons why I pursue my master's degree at U.S.. Without such kind of extension rule in STEM fields, it will make U.S. much less competitive over other foreign countries, like U.K., Canada. Actually, those foreign countries are also working on favoring more international students by providing more attractful post-graduate opportunities. For example, in 2008, Canada modified the Post-Graduation Work Permit Program (PGWPP [1]) to allow students who have graduated from a participating Canadian post-secondary institution to gain valuable Canadian work experience. The modification doubled the number of international students enrolled in the program from 2008 to 2014.

2. For foreign employees who are in OPT or OPT-extension status, currently, what will happen if this proposition gets declined? They will either return to their own countries, or get relocated to other countries with better policies towards foreign employees. The U.S. industry in STEM fields will suffer from losing high-tech talents and on the other hand, other counties will benefit from that. Especially, for large companies, like Google, Facebook, Uber, which are pursuing international growth across the world, they rely on skills acquired by the STEM OPT students and their knowledge of markets in their own countries. 

3. Lots commenters mentioned the proposition will threat the employment environment of native Americans, which actually is not the case. First of all, it equal competition (covered by E-verify program). Secondly, International students regularly contribute a huge amount of money to the economy of U.S. and provide lots of job opportunities. According to statistics from NAFSA[2], "The 886,052 international students and