Being a member of the huge group of STEM international students, I cannot keep silent at this moment. I will say, I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons: 

1. The longer OPT is a significant factor when I decided to study abroad in America as a master in Computer Engineering. As is know, America is leading the world in this area. The problem is that, I can hardly learn much within only two years studying, which means the OPT after my graduation is really important if I want to get more experience for my future career. Without the longer OPT, why wouldn't I just go to Canada or England, or even Australia? 

2. I can hardly imagine how I am supposed to get myself fully devoted into my job, to my company while I clearly know that I will be "fired" one year later? I don't think there are few people like me. Then there will be no more company hiring international STEM students because no one can guarantee to provide the H1B to them even if they contribute a lot to the company. 

3. Some commenters stated that companies preferred F-1 students only because they can work with lower wages. I'm wondering have they ever made any investigation as to support their opinions? People have to be responsible for what they've said, especially something like this. I've hardly seen any F-1 student get lower salary because of his/her international student identity. Lower pay can only result from less competitive capabilities. Besides, some other commenters argued that job opportunities should be preserved for Americans as many of them could not find a job. Really? I thought America is country of inclusion. Anyone can get a job as long as he/she is qualified for it, irrespective of where they come from. And I think this is one of most important reason for America's being one of the most powerful country in the world. If it reject competitive labor as to protect local labor, will it always keep its position in the world? 

Please consider about it. Most F-1 students shar