I strongly support the STEM-OPT extension for 24 months. I am working as an Algorithm Scientist developing software that will help cancer patients get a better prognosis and increase the life expectancy of a patient fighting with an early stage cancer. Everyone has someone in their family been eaten up by this unforgiving disease and my passion is work only in this Cancer diagnostics field. 
The U.S has been the global leader of healthcare technology not only because of the Americans and we cannot deny the contribution from foreign students to achieve this. If this STEM-OPT extension is not approved to the deserving and hardworking non-immigrant students working in specialized research areas, U.S gov is going to welcome the biggest economic and financial crisis. The amount of revenue the international students create though the admission fees for Masters/PhD and also after employment is not trivial. If the STEM-extension is cancelled, there is no more attraction to come to the U.S to work for their companies and which will eventually led people NOT TO CHOOSE U.S. for their higher education. Being an Indian, we take huge loans from our country with interest rate as high as 14% after mortgaging the land and property and give it to the U.S Gov. If we don't even get the STEM-extension naturally every international student will prefer going to other places for pursuing their higher education, get a job, improve the technology and get revenue to the other countries. 
It is very immature to provide reason to oppose OPT STEM extension saying America supports only foreigners who are not skilled and under qualified. If that is true what do you have to say about the CEOs of Google and Microsoft? I take pride in saying that I too came from Sundar Pichai's home town. He was also viewed as a non-immigrant F-1 student few years before. We are not taking away the income to only us, the amount of revenue we create to the US gov is not negligible. 
The most important reason why peopl