I STRONGLY SUPPORT the proposal of expanding OPT.

Firstly, from the prospective of American government, more international students taking jobs in US brings more tax incomes for the federal government, this is the direct benefit we see from the extension of OPT duration.

Secondly, there is no necessity to worry about the deprivation of natives' jobs opportunities. I read the opposing comments - mostly by native Americans. And most of them show a concern with less job opportunities and blame on this policy. But I do not think this opinion holds. HRs would definitely choose native Americans over international students due to OPT restriction, provided that they have the same skills for the job. This is because, an international student are unlikely to serve the industry in the long run - due to the restriction of OPT deadline. So native Americans are still advantageous over foreigners and there is no necessity to worry about foreigners depriving of natives' job opportunities. Those who shouted in the comments about less job opportunities, should look back on themselves whether you have mastered the expertise industries need for a qualified job candidate instead of blaming on incoming international students and the government.

In the long run, the importing of excellent STEM students will surely be beneficial to the prosperity of American society - and of course, create more job opportunities. The development of certain fields, whether it is a valuable scientific research achievement, or excellent students starting new businesses, will surely bring more new job opportunities.

America is a comprehensive and equal society. This is why people around the world are seeking opportunities in the US. When people are discriminating against African Americans, you established laws to stop it. When LGBT groups are fighting for their rights, you approved their right of marriage. We do not think that job opportunities should be totally different just because of the difference of 