As a F1 student, I've been studying to learn American English since the third Grade in Elementary school back in China. About twenty years later, I already have been here for pursuing my Computer Science MS degree. Now I have been here for three years, and I want to say for my own experience there are so much difference between what I heard and watch from TV, radio and book about American and the real America which I am experiencing now. The most obvious characteristic of America or American is their bravery and explosive courage with open-mind which I have been always admiring and agree with. And I also think these features perform even more outstandingly in the modern science and economy field. I believe that contribute a lot to the unique success of America in modern time and I think that also can explain (at least part)why there originally exist an OPT and now bill of extension of OPT because your American never fear of competition and always like to open to communication with your competitors. I think this policy highly match the fundamental strategy of establishment and development of such an America which originates from an immigrant entity. I spent my time to comment this bill because I think this is a bill worth commenting which make sense for both our international students and the future of America not economically but strategically. This is an opportunity to deeply refresh the power of competition of America. I'm also so sick of commenting on the stupid comment of your coward citizens which fear of competition and racist full of prejudice, and I also think their unhealthy attitude will finally weaken and mess up the America. It needs courage and intelligence to make a wise decision and approve wonderful bill, and I think American can always achieve this in the history by their unique sight and judgement on yourself development. However, I still feel worthy studying here and would like to contribute my effort to the approval of this bill even though I don