I strongly support the proposal of the extension. It is unjust and against the interest of American citizens to deprive international students' legal right to work in US after graduation. There are several reasons for that.

International students made an significant contribution to the U.S. economy and cultural prosperity. International students can add diversity to a college or university, enriching the experience of other students on campus. Schools with a strong global presence often have a wealth of cultural groups and events, allowing international students an opportunity to share their food, music and traditions with their U.S. peers. Several well-known universities have large amount of international students. For example, University of CaliforniaSan Diego has 20% and Florida Institute of Technology has 33% of international students. International students also paid considerably higher tuition fees than that of U.S. residents, which improve the financial situation in many universities. Most international students' families are in middle or higher classes, which allowed them to have decent standard of lives in the U.S., and therefore improve the GDP and U.S. economies. The extension of OPT will definitely attract more international students coming and work here and therefore improve the economy, possibly increasing the job availability in different areas and reduce the unemployment rate.

Furthermore, talented international students in Engineering or other science majors are VALUABLE resources. In my universities, there are numerous Chinese and Indian students in Engineering majors. In some courses, the top 10% of the students who got highest grades consisted of half of the international students! Many of my international friends also actively involved in conducting researches with eminent professors. They do love their majors and work productively to contribute the research projects in the Universities. I have seen many hardworking and talented international 