I DO SUPPORT the opt-extension. Before I came to US, I had multiple options besides US; Canada, Singapore, Hong Kong and British. The most important reason I choose to study here is US could provide me the industry training opportunity during school or after graduation.For years US are famous and honored as the most diversity country. Please DONT LOSE IT !! 

I believe OPT-extension if NECESSARY for this country. International students are making huge contributions to this country. Immigrant-founded Fortune 500 companies employed 3.6 million workers around the world in 2011 and were responsible for more than $1.7 trillion in revenues in 2010, according to the Partnership For A New American Economy (http://www.renewoureconomy.org/sites/all/themes/pnae/img/new-american-fortune-500-june-2011.pdf). Most international students work in scientific and technology, and many of them are among the best in their fields. STEM are fields critical for the US to ace at in order to continue its leadership in the world. Each year, h1b holders pay more than 27%, and often more than 30% of their salary to the federal, and even more to the federal and the state. This money is used in increasing the medical and other welfare of American people. What's more, The truth is not like that in those negative comments. Various reports show proved that salary of OPT and H1-B students is above the local average level. They pay much tax and contribute greatly to local economy. E-verify program ensures that no international student will take advantage of low payment. 

YES, OPT-extension would be in the best interest of our nation. As a future software engineer, I know that many of our kind work on comparatively important positions. They are the strong force in various big tech companies. If there is no opt extension, this great guys will leave after one year in these companies. This will be a great lose of that big names. As we know most companies will have nearly one year training. They are forced