Bruce Sillner November 18, 2015

Katherine Westerlund
Policy Chief (Acting)
Student and Exchange Visitor Program 
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement 
500 12th Street SW. 
Washington, DC 20536 

Re: Docket No. ICEB-2015-0002 
Dear Ms. Westerlund, 
I write today in response to the notice of proposed rulemaking published at 80 Federal Register 63375 (October 19, 2015): Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Foreign Students. I am the Dean of International Programs at the State University of New York at New Paltz which enrolls 580 international students many of whom will benefit from approval of this rule by gaining professional experience as they make important contributions to the United States. 
I support the proposed rule extending STEM optional practical training (OPT) to 24 months and applaud the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) for acting to finalize the rule before the court-ordered deadline imposed in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security, which vacated the current OPT rule on procedural grounds. I also support Immigration and Customs Enforcement's efforts to mitigate court-created uncertainty while at the same time implementing the President's Executive Action calling for the extension and expansion of STEM OPT.
The United States is in competition for foreign students and could lose market share to other countries as a study abroad destination, even as more students are studying outside their home countries. This week the Institute for International Education published the 2014/2015 edition of Open Doors, the comprehensive survey of international educational exchange. Although the data show an overall increase of 10% in enrollment of international students in the US which includes a 15.6% increase in the enrollment of international students in engineering and a 23.5% increase in enrollment in math and computer science, this will not be maintained without options for new graduates in STEM fields to gain real experience working in the United States. 
Foreign students have a positive impact on the U.S. economy, international standing and influence in the fields of science and technology. In New York State alone, 100,000 international students enroll in colleges and universities and 44,000 jobs are created by their enrollment. At the State University of New York at New Paltz, the financial contribution is $15.2 Million and 97 jobs. 
Experiential learning opportunities have become an integral part of U.S. higher education in all fields of study, and especially the STEM fields where hands on work supplements classroom education. These opportunities build practical skills and facilitate the move from theory to practice by providing a deeper understanding of subject matter than is possible through classroom study alone. Experiential learning fosters the capacity for critical thinking and application of knowledge in complex or ambiguous situations while new graduate develop the ability to engage in lifelong learning, including learning in the workplace. This is a necessary component of a 21st century education, especially in the STEM fields. 
Moreover, international students are attracted by the prospects of employment post-graduation through Optional Practical Training and the STEM extension; this in addition to the high quality of university education here in the United States. If they do not have the OPT/STEM option, they will look more seriously at universities in Canada, Europe or Australia, where post-graduation employment options are less regulated. 
Thank you for the opportunity to comment. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. 

Sincerely,

Bruce Sillner
Dean, International Programs
State University of New York at New Paltz

