Hongrui Zhang The recent proposal is essentially a rule that would contribute to the vitality of the industries and communities in the United States. 

The mentorship required by the proposal is a good tool to regulate the employment market. Without such, the employers are more likely to recruit fresh graduates that hold an F-1 visa, but didn't provide qualified mentorship. By doing so, the employer could save cost for hiring interns, but both domestic and international students will lose opportunities that gave them useful training as well as decent payroll.

Moreover, this proposal will bring a surge to the academic field. Universities in the United States is well respected globally because of the top-tier institutions for research as well as career preparation. Having an extension after graduating makes more sense on the "educating" function for this institution, mainly because within one year, it would be very unlikely that student will have enough on-the-job training. Currently, overseas education is regarded as a common experience globally -- yet we're seeing more and more students are applying to United Kingdom, France, Scandinavian countries, Japan, China, etc. Allowing more time as a career training opportunity during the STEM OPT period will become a highlighted advantage to attract global elite to apply to US colleges.

Additionally, the rule itself already excludes several scenarios that seem as a threat to the domestic job market. 1) STEM OPT is only given to the employee who is taking a degree-related position. 2) STEM OPT still have an end time point even after extension. 3) The oversea students are creating a market - they create a great amount of income for the local communities, in terms of the house leasing, daily goods, grocery purchasing, traffic costs, shopping activities - which all activate the local economy. Elongating the STEM OPT also helps these economies grow.

Finally, extending the OPT period is beneficial to US economy. Every year, there is a great proportion of oversea students taking US jobs, because these jobs require these particular individuals. Yet because of the limitation of OPT (whether 36 months or 12 months) they had to leave the job only because of visa status. Anyone who had been operating a company would know that recruiting process is a great cost, and when a qualified applicant took the offer, the training session for that rookie will take as long as half a year until he/she is familiar with the job. By extending (i.e. doubling) the OPT period, the rule actually cut half of the recruiting cost as well as the training cost. These will benefit to a great number of US companies as well as some government agencies that employed oversea F1 OPT individuals, and will finally be added up as a catalyst to boost the US economy.
