I am LEGAL immigrant, been to US for 11 years 2 months 18 days. Now I already had my green card. I had earned my PhD in chemistry, study hard, and work hard -- when I say "working hard", I mean work in average of 55 or more per week. I had been recognized now, internationally, as an expert in my field, and been respected well in my scientific and professional community. Why? I earned through my SMART and HARD work. I invented a new technology for disease diagnosis in my PhD time, I contributed to technology advances and made the new production (made in USA) to be more COMPETITIVE on INTERNATIONAL MARKET. 

My store is a very typical story of a LEGAL immigrant who study a STEM major, and then use the expertise and superior techniques to contribute to the US. This is what US needs from immigrants -- to make a stronger US.

But do people understand how hard I had to get here, LEGALLY? I can NOT miss ONE SINGLE DAY of LEGAL status. No miss of ONE SINGLE DAY. 11 years 2 months 18 days to today. 

What even more difficult than not missing a single day of LEGAL status? -- To maintain a LEGAL working status after the completion of graduate school. I benefited SO MUCH from the OPT law (12 month + 17 month of extension). Without that, I would have had to leave the US 6 years ago. US would have lost a talented, hard-working, and value-creating scientist since then. That's for me only. Imaging how many talented and accomplished scientists and engineers US would lose PER YEAR? Over ten thousands. Yes, over TEN THOUSANDS PER YEAR. Think about it, US people. 

I strongly support the 24 month OPT change, it's a great change for USCIS. It's a great change for USA. Thus, we would be even more focused on working hard and making the USA better and better. 

I am proud to be a LEGAL immigrant. I would be even more proud after seeing the 24 month OPT policy makes the life MUCH EASIER for tens of thousands of outstanding scientists and engineers per year. 

For those of USA residents who 