I strongly SUPPORT this new OPT extension rule.

Firstly, it is unfair and against the American Freedom spirit to deprive international students' legal right to work within US after graduation simply because they are not citizens. 

Secondly, most negative comments here share the same point of view - "STEM OPT Extension would make more US citizen lose their jobs", which is definitely a FALSE statement. 

The proposed STEM OPT extension rule only allows international students to work within STEM industry, which are areas that have lots of job vacancies that not enough US citizens fill in. 

Specifically, based on my own job-hunting experience, companies are very practical: usually they hire international candidates only because they have the better skill sets and are more qualified than their US citizen peers. Companies in STEM industries have already preferred US citizens over international candidates, if there are enough US citizen candidates who have the same skill set and capabilities with the International candidates. Why wouldn't they? Those tech companies are risking potential loss of those international employees who may have their legal working status expired. So, why would they hire international employees if they have to face those potential troubles? The answer is a clear NO. So again, it's not because the OPT STEM extension rule that keeps US citizens away from their jobs. It's other reasons such as work outsourcing to other countries (like lots of 7/24 online services are now provided in Indian) and the lack of job qualifications of the citizen candidates themselves make them less competitive on the job market. 

Thirdly, the statement that STEM OPT extension cuts the average salaries is also a FALSE statement. For my own cases and those other cases I know in my companies, international employees got the similar or even higher salaries as long as they are qualified for the positions. 

Lastly, for long run, it will only do harm rather than benefit the U