In considering the issue the Administration/DHS has put forward for increasing visa time limits for OPT students, I frankly can't think of a move that would be more detrimental for American STEM students. The implementation of this new rule would create an additional impediment for US-born workers attempting to enter the work force -- many for the first time. Our country is already experiencing the lowest participation in the workplace in many decades, and anyone that understands the true unemployment numbers knows those put forth by the Administration are pure fiction. Participation is keen for EVERY job, and not only in the STEM fields. US school districts and colleges are uniformly "pushing" American students to participate in STEM studies; some schools are specializing entirely in these fields of study. These are worthy efforts, and should be continued if we hope to maintain competitiveness with the technology students from other countries. What a slap in the face, then, it would be for one of our young people to enter the workforce with their shiny new STEM degree, only to be pushed aside by non-citizen workers who have been given an unfair advantage -- and in violation of the immigration agreement they signed, at that. We are tired of the Administration's tinkering, ignoring law and the will of the people. This imperiousness is entirely contrary to what the president should understand better than anyone (his being a "constitutional scholar" and all). He knows and understands very well what he is doing. Neither he nor DHS nor any other subpart of the Administration makes law...though you'd never know it from their track record. Mr. Obama knows precisely that what he is seeking to expand in this case is not at all what Congress intended when the law first went into effect. I understand that it is a past administration who put these rules in place, but that does not negate what the president is currently attempting to do. His flagrant disregard for Americans who 