I strongly support the rule which is beneficial to the US economy, especially the technology industry. 

In the proposed Rule, DHS stated " The duration of an extension would be set at 24 months, rather than limited to a shorter period, due to the complexity and typical durations of research, development, testing, and other projects commonly undertaken in STEM fields. Affording greater participation in STEM training through changes to the period of the STEM OPT extension would also help the nation and its academic institutions remain competitive in light of global efforts offering international students longer post-study training experience without restrictions on the type of work that may be performed. "

As a business analyst in a Fortune 500 US technology giant company, I have the opportunity to interact with a sizable number of international co-workers. Most of them received higher education in US in STEM-related fields. They have the education background and STEM skills to my company and they contribute a lot to product development. In tech industry, it is rarely the case that a new project can be finished in one year. For example, a new product in our company usually starts planning 18 months prior to it goes to market. After its launch, more efforts are needed in testing, fixing and customer supporting, all of which last at least 18 months. If these STEM workers only have 12-month working authorization, my company would suffer a severe workforce shortage and a significant cost in re-training new staff. Needless to say, higher human cost would decrease the corp tax paid by tech companies, which is obviously detrimental to social welfare. 

Some commenters also mentioned the unemployment rate and the thousands of citizens who don't hold a job. With all due respect to individual choices, tech companies are not charity groups. They have no obligation to employ citizens who are not capable of /eligible for specific positions. International Stem students are not st