I oppose the Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule that would expand the Optional Practical Training program. 

"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 yearsthe same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be validthere is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent."
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley 

"...expanding de facto guest worker programs like Optional Practical Training (OPT)through which employers hire more than 120,000 young college graduates per year who hold F-1 visasbut do not even guarantee that those foreign graduates are paid the minimum wage, let alone the prevailing wage, chase Americans out of computer science and creates a self-fulfilling 'shortage' as Americans respond to a relatively better market as engineers in other fields."
ALF-CIO President Richard Trumpka 

David North, formerly of the U.S. Labor Department:
"there is no training in this program. It is just one more foreign worker program and it has nothing to do with students; it is for recent alien college graduates."
"U.S. employers are given a substantial bonus for hiring an alien college grad rather than an American college grad with the same skills and the same salary...it can be above $10,000."
"DHS, by defining a recent college grad as a student, takes both the worker and the employer out from under payroll taxes -- thus penalizing the Social Security and Medicare trust funds directly, and our elders indirectly."
"If the bonus given to employers for hiring a STEM graduate is worth $10,000 under the old rules, it is now worth $12,000, and is that much more likely to cause an employer to hire a former F-1 student than a green card or citizen graduate."

A Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for Immigration Studies revealed two shocking takeaways about the OPT program that DHS proposes to e