I strongly SUPPORT this proposal, and I elaborate my reasons as follows:

1. USA is the most powerful country in the world, she is attracting international students from all over the world because she is able to provide the best education and tons of opportunities to help all of the people to realize their American dreams. 

2. USA is an open country. Different people and cultures co-exist in this prosperous community where everyone is contributing. After International students in STEM finished their colleges, they become well-educated and self-motivated. International students are eager to devote themselves to this country, so that this country becomes better and better for everyone. 

3. This OPT-extension allows international students to work for 2 years without H1B visa, which will definitely help the economics of this country to grow. IT giants such as Google, Facebook are supported by thousands of internationals who graduated in American universities. Not all of them are working under H1B visa, there are still a significant amount of them who are working under OPT or OPT extension. The risk of not passing this OPT-extension is negatively influencing the country economy: it means not only the working status of the internationals under current OPT will become invalid soon, but also will reduce the workforce from the internationals who will be graduating next year. Internationals will face this problem: 1 year of OPT, then go back home if not get H1B. The result not only will lead to lots of working-under-OPT internationals' working permit becomes invalid, lots of work being done will have to be stopped, but also will reduce the attraction of USA. The majority of internationals pay their tuition when study, pay their tax all the time, and contribute to the country economy when they work. So the benefits of OPT-extension will surely push this country's economy forward. 

4. I admit there will be competition between internationals and us-citizen in terms of job opp