How many ways are United States Politicians going to come up with to give preferential treatment to FOREIGN nationals to get jobs when hundreds of thousands of AMERICAN CITIZENS are set adrift into unemployment, then not counted in unemployment statistics, because they are no longer considered in the work force? This is DESPICABLE! You people are supposed to represent AMERICAN CITIZENS...not political party and personal wealth and power!

The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program.
There are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the U.S. in addition to 98,000 in 12-month OPT programs and 30,000 in 29-month OPT programs. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines the job opportunities for American STEM workers.
OPTs are sought after by employers because they tend to be younger (cheaper) than their American competitors. Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range, but they cost Social Security about $1 billion dollars a year.

Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa (in a letter to President Obama):

"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 years - the same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be valid - there is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent."
the proposed regulations are "irresponsible and dangerous considering the Government Accountability Office (GAO) report issued in March 2014 finding that the program was full