As an international student who is currently on the 17 month STEM extension, I am thankful to the staff and Secretary of the Homeland Security Department (DHS) for promulgating this regulation in a timely manner. Please note the following comments.

[Supplementary Information, Section III A] I support the proposal by DHS to reinstate the OPT STEM Extension in response to the judgment issued on August 12, 2015 by the U.S. District Court in the case of Washington Alliance of Tech. Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security. I further hope that the final rule, following the period of public comments and review by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), will be published at least 60 days before the date of vacatur indicated in the courts judgment, i.e., the final rule be published in the Federal Register 60 days before February 12, 2016. This would allow time for review by Congress and the Government Accountability Office (GAO), so that the final rule will take effect by February 12, 2016. 

[Supplementary Information, Section III B] Though I support the proposal by DHS to increase the period of OPT STEM Extension from 17 months to 24 months. I think this should be increased to 36 months instead of 24. Given the appalling state of the work permit process; this would greatly help students in STEM, the US Companies employing them and the US economy. After all, a majority of patents and publications come from international students. 

[Supplementary Information, Section III B] The proposed rule by DHS requires students and employers to implement a formal Mentoring and Training Plan that would be submitted to the Designated School Official (DSO) before the OPT STEM Extension is granted. Further, every six months, the student is required to provide the DSO with an evaluation of his or her progress towards the training goals agreed upon. While this requirement is made in good faith, I note that there could be several reasons due to which the training goals might chang