This comment is coming from a recent graduate student working at a professional title in a prestigious multinational. 

I believe the proposed rule is well thought out. It covers all think-able situations that either the USCIS or the student can come into up on finishing there 1 year OPT period.

Students are the budding backbone of an economy from paying tuition fees and taxes included to finally landing a professional position based out of there degrees is not only a journey that build character at a personal level. But also builds the economy inch by inch. And I am not talking of just diligent and persevering student but all of them. As they go, they bring back economies from recessions and reinforces the financial status of a country such as US.

The more loans we can pay back the better it is not only for us but for the economy.
STEM OPT focuses majorly on Technology industries. And technology these goes through rapid disruptive innovations. A professional with newly gained skills on the upcoming technology is the best fit to take the load on of millions of requirements posted not only by private sector companies but also public. 

The STEM OPT makes sure talent such as that stays where they are needed without any hassles that may jeopardize not only their position but also the important work that needs to be done. 

This country is and was made on hard work. As quoted by the Deceleration of Independence of the US of A, that whomsoever have the power and will to make a change when it is needed in times of dire needed by the people is responsible to provide them. It is there duty to stand up for the just and help the needful. 

The 24 month rule is a wise decision in my opinion as it fulfills the 5 years F-1 Visa that the students come up on. It keeps everything fair and everyone has a chance at pursuing the American Dream and providing back 2 folds to the community they work in. By paying there taxes and advancing the ridiculously complicated industry sectors t