I strongly support to pass the rule to extend OPT for F1 student. I read the rule and the comments, for the concerns of those who do not agree, I could give some of my evidence from my point of view.
I graduate from University at Buffalo, at our school, there is not only international student, but also a lot of citizen talents. Every student could find their dream jobs if they study good enough(70/100 scores). the only difference is citizen only needs 
First, average 1 month to find a job while a foreign student need to start searching and sending their resume 1~2 years before graduate. It was a very tough period for all international student, but I think it is the difficulty international student need to overcome if they want to be treated closer to citizens(include language or other reasons). 
Second, always, find a job is not easy for the place do not have your major. Companies will calculated the cost to transport you to local. As I know, most of the local company at Buffalo only accept citizen. And if you think about the some location like D.C where do not have so many companies in your major, even citizen could hardly find a job. For my experience, I applied more than 500 jobs but only get about 20 replies, most of them is just a phone interview. But when I move to San Jose, the percentage of getting a interview out of application just increased to 1/2. so my advice is do not be afraid to go other states, western is not built in one day, Americans! be brave as your ancestors
Third, foreigner is not only consuming jobs, they also create jobs. Youtube, Nvidia, Juniper, Yahoo, etc. Everyone is a seed, this land is suitable earth for them to grow, and when they grown up, they will feedback. Otherwise, if the earth is barren, the whole forests will dead.
Fourth, for most of the OPT jobs, people have to get enough wage as they will apply for H1B later. even without OPT, immigrants is still keeping the number. For example, everyone knows the disney case this year, th