I totally agree this proposal to make STEM OPT to make a 24-month extension. For the following reasons, first of all, 24-month extension on optional practical training (OPT) is absolutely advantageous things for certain students with degrees in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics (STEM) from U.S. Currently, science, technology, engineering and mathematics are main focus the USA want to promote it. The main power and competition of USA all come from science, technology, engineering and mathematics. But USA government can not only just relies on the USA citizens's ability, an extension OPT definitely can attract all kinds of genius from all around the world. Moreover, the students like Chinese people and Indian people are famous as their hard-working and intelligence. So the USA government should use their ability and intelligence to build up and promote the development of technology and engineering to the USA society. Secondly, some people may disagree about this proposals that some many international workers can take over their job opportunities. However, without pressure from these international people, USA citizens tend to be more lazy and slack. For a long term consideration, it is not a positive results and consequences. STEM extension actually can motivate the international people and USA citizens both work harder and effective. Although OPT extension will produce competition, competition and pressure always force people to exploit their maximum ability and intelligence they never have chance to seen before. If the USA government want to look for a long-term and progressive development specially in technology, engineering, science and mathematics, collaboration with various elements definitely boost the whole all strength. I am really the necessary and properly to pass this proposal that allow the STEM students to have more chances. Last but not least, if the STEM only have one year to find the job in the USA, it is not realistic for the students t