
From the view point of an international student, I think the proposal of 24 months extension can help to maintain the attractiveness of US universities all over the world.

I have attend top universities in mainland China, Canada, and US. Within the 3 places, US schools are the most attractive, mainly because of the possibility to work after graduation. The OPT provides with a broad choices after graduation for international students, for this reason, I did not hesitate to apply for US graduate school, and will also recommend younger students to come to US for school.

Consider 2 cases, with/without OPT:
1. Take some courses, do homework, after several years and go back home.
2. After get the degree, can choose to work for some time to gain some practical experience.

Obviously the second one has more advantages. Since a real life working experience is invaluable, and I think is absolutely necessary as supplement for course study. From my own working experience as a Mechanical Engineer, I get much deeper understanding of Finite Element Analysis, 3D design concepts, Solid Mechanics, physics, Calculus, etc. With these industry experience, I can confidently tell younger students why to come to US for school, what to focus during course study. 

Without OPT, I cannot tell a big difference between US and Canada education. I might not pay the expensive tuition fees without hesitation like before. And will also ask the other students to rethink about going to US schools, think about the huge amount of money paid to the school and not even a chance to gain some work experience.

The original 17 months extension is good, however, might not be long enough. Because in my industry, the life cycle for product development is very long. Pausing a project in the middle is not optimal for the company. From a bigger view, losing a lot of top STEM graduates may not be optimal for the whole industry.

The competence between STEM students and local Americans is not a big problem, since