I support this regulatory action.

* Most of the opposing reviews concern about the increasing difficulty for American workers to find a job.

My arguments state as following.
1. The total number of H1B visa assigned every year would still keep the same even if the OPT (Optional Practical Training) duration extended. This limits the total # of foreign students who would like to stay in US in a long term. As a result, the extension of OPT would actually increase the competition for lottery of H1B among international students themselves. The only potential influence would be the competition among recent US and foreign graduates.

2. Many projects in the STEM industries will last more than 1 year. The extension of OPT provides more tolerance on the project timelines for both employers and employees. Therefore, employers will not need to suffer from the risk and cost of losing qualified workers only due to the limited OPT duration.

3. The proposed rule to expand the OPT program would help build a benign competition among recent graduates. Since the employers would be able to find more qualified and diversified candidates for the work, it incentives the development of the STEM industries and creates more job opportunities in return. The benign competition would also incentive the educational achievements for both foreign and US graduates especially college students. Instead of the malignant competition preventing the job markets to optimize its functional interest, it would be a better choice to set both employers and employees free in finding their best candidates.

4. From the perspective of education industry, the programs in colleges and graduate schools for foreign students have brought high profits in recent years especially in STEM programs. Not only the high educational quality, but also the Optional Practical Training opportunities are also huge attractions that cannot be overlooked. The cancellation of OPT STEM extension would detriment the motivations for for