Hello Sir/Madam,

I would like to express my complete support for the proposed STEM OPT extension rule. This rule would greatly alleviate the US tech industry's shortage for right talent. The industry is already feeling it difficult to hire the right talent and retain them. US being number one destination for international students seeking quality education and exposure, it attracts lot of young and diversified talent from across the globe, it makes no sense to let go these highly trained and capable students and not to use their skills to make this nation economically and technologically more powerful. A careful glimpse at the number of international students contributing to the research and development in the universities and industry shows how valuable their services are to this nation.
The argument which says international students taking away the jobs of local Americans is not true at all. These students do not get any reservation for jobs in any sector. They are hired solely based on their skills and competency. Without the right skills and knowledge of the technology, no industry would be interested in hiring any candidate either local Americans or international graduate. Having the right skill is the key for getting hired.
I am glad that DHS is driving this proposal promptly to get to final stages. Having said that, I would like to express my concerns regarding the implementation of this rule. In section B (STEM Extension Period for OPT) DHS says that it lacks authority to approve any cases after 13-Feb-2016, and would consider different options to deal with the situation. I would like to stress on the point that almost all the students (Bachelor, Graduate, Doctoral) who graduated in Dec14 - Jan15 would have their 12 month OPT end date in Jan16 - Feb16. In case of a delay in implementing this rule before the deadline, what would be the status of the students who still have their applications pending? How can they maintain status before they are approved unde