I strongly support extending the OPT extension to 24 months. This action will benefit those student who has the desired skills/knowledge working for qualified companies in STEM field. I reviewed some comments which are against this extension, and their arguments do not make sense.

1. OPT and OPT extension do NOT reduce the job opportunities available to native American students. For hiring a new graduate student from college (entry level), a company pays same salary no matter if the student is American or foreign student (otherwise it violates law). Then why a company is still willing to hire a student on OPT? Because the number of American students in STEM fields cannot meet the demand of job market. Some comments complain about they had been denied for a job because of students on OPT, they should think more about their own interview skills (the job position could be taken by another American), rather than blaming students on OPT, which is unfair.

Further more on this, not all companies are qualified to hire student on OPT extensions, only a small set of companies are capable of hiring them (e-verified company). There are plenty of jobs only available to American STEM students, those people who claim students on OPT take American STEM students should be aware of this.

2. OPT and OPT extension do NOT reduce the money in Social Security or medicare trust funds. Students on OPT are NOT illegal immigrants, they pay tax and medicare as normal Americans. This country can even tolerate illegal immigrants, why not legal students who pay tax? As U. S. is a country built up by immigrants, people with proper skills and knowledge should be allowed to stay and make contribution to this country. Student on OPT work as hard as they can to gain such an opportunity to stay in this country without touching native American's right, why accuse them for these untrue claims?

In addition to previous arguments, if OPT is cancelled, more job positions will be sent to other country lik