Wentao Li I couldn't believe that so many ignorant and short-seeing people are posting here to oppose this policy. Many negative arguments are based on people's vague imagination, not on facts. I do need to point out these facts that you night not know to help me better understand the real situation.

First of all, STEM extension does not mean being an American citizen or permanent resident. They are absolutely two different things that are governed by two independent processes. Under STEM extension, the employee is still holding a student F-1 visa. That means, OPT extension is only a later part of higher education in STEM fields. It is for EDUCATION, not for employment or residency. On the other hand, US government has a high standard for applications towards permanent residency, and only part of STEM students would be able to meet those standards.

As I said, STEM extension is for education purpose. Compared with Europe or Japan or any other leading countries in STEM fields, US will remain attractive to excellent international students by providing such a unique benefit. Many students choose America for higher education because of this extra OPT training. Especially, research funding from NSF and NIH is being cut everyday, and scientific research and training in Europe are not worse than US. If there is no OPT or STEM extension, why would students still choose US? Where will be the comparative advantage? Then how long could the American academia remain its leadership in the world with shrinking number of students?

And some people are even worrying about OPT students paying less tax? Do you know who pay tax? Citizen and permanent residents. If they are still foreigners or international students, they are not obligated to pay the tax. Actually, what you don't know is that many of these international students who are on OPT are PAYING the tax just like permanent residents do. Anyone who has been living in US for five years or longer, which includes PhDs in most fields, is required to pay all the taxes just like permanent residents do.
