Daisy Yan I strongly SUPPORT the proposal. I have reviewed many previous comments. The reason I see most why people are against this proposal is that they feel those international students with OPT take away jobs from Americans. However, this is not the truth. 

In the US, hiring an American is much easier than hiring an international student for a company (Americans dont need visa sponsorships at all; Americans are much better at English, thus more like to have better communication skills here in US; etc.). Even as an international student, I would definitely hire an American over an international student if they are both equally qualified if I were the employer.

So why would a company still hire an international student? The main reason is that there are not enough Americans in STEM fields! Following is a quote from a report of CNN, which also supports this.

Foreigners aren't taking Americans' jobs. 
Foreign students gravitate toward STEM fields like medicine and computer software design, which have some of the lowest unemployment rates, according to a report from the Partnership for a New American Economy. 
These are also jobs that U.S. companies consistently struggle to fill -- much more than their non-STEM counterparts, according to a Brookings report. 
That means foreigners aren't keeping native workers in those fields from finding jobs. 
Moreover, immigrants bring knowledge of global markets, which is key for innovation, according to Wadhwa.

So what happens if a company couldnt fill its positions because international students have to leave US because their OPT ends due to the termination of STEM OPT extension? How to solve such problem?
An easy solution would be bringing more Americans to the STEM fields to fill the high demand of STEM positions within US workforce. However, lets face the fact that right now few American students are pursuing expertise in STEM fields. And whats worse, statistics show that about 40% of STEM students do not graduate with a STEM major. The good news is that many professionals in the educational field are currently taking actions to encourage the next generation to study STEM. And the president has set a priority of increasing the number of students and teachers in STEM fields. Nevertheless, none of these actions will bring immediate effects. It is reported that by 2020, the demand for STEM professionals will add over 1 million new STEM jobs within the United States workforce. The extension of STEM OPT program would help a lot to relieve the urgent shortage of STEM workforce in US, thus help to promote US economic growth.

And one last note, most international students are top 1% (even top 0.1%) talented people in their own country. They worked very hard and outstood many peers to gain the opportunity to study in the US. Keeping those talented people to work in US for a longer time will be definitely good for the United States.

In summary, this OPT extension program will benefit the economy and society of United States, and thats why I strongly SUPPROT this proposal.
