Liangfeng Lao, AspenTech Obviously, this proposal have much much more positive effects on the US society and I strongly SUPPORT this proposal to be put in practice.
1. No one will deny that it's the most critical time for US economic recovery from the depression since 2008. We will see that a lot of technology companies make great contribution to the economic increase during the recent years, like Google, Apple, Amazon, etc.. The blooming development of these IT companies not only contribute the US domestic economics, but also improve the global impact of US. For these companies, the F-1 non-immigrant students are the most important resources for their product innovation, technology development and marketing expanding. As we have seen, a lot of F-1 non-immigrant students after their graduation choose to join these company and start their career; at their first few years, they work much harder than any other long-staying employees and also bring a lot of energy to the companies. Therefore, we can't set too much limitations on their training opportunities after their graduation; STOPPING THEM MEANS STOPPING US ECONOMICS!
2. As some critics mentioned that, F-1 non-immigrant students will bring more competition to US natives on job hunting. I think they may ignore one important fact that most of F-1 non-immigrant students are pursuing high-technology positions while most of the natives are pursuing more reliable and less-skilled ones. During my graduate school time, most of the graduates are international students especially in the areas with expanding job marketing, like computer science, electrical engineering, biology, chemistry, chemical engineering and mechanical engineering. For the students in these areas, their job hunting competitors are also F-1 non-immigrant students. I didn't see any potential problems for natives to come into the job marketing which are designed for natives, e.g., jobs requiring lawful working permit or citizenship. Therefore, THE COMPETITION BROUGHT BY F-1 STUDENTS ARE NOT INTENDED TO NATIVES!
3. At last, I would mentioned a big fact that the unemployment rate of the past months are decreasing every month in most of the states in US. It's worth to mentioning that this unemployment rate didn't cover the non-immigrant F-1 students. So this means the US natives are getting more and more jobs opportunities even there are also an increasing number of F-1 students all over the country. For Houston, even the oil price is kind of low which greatly affect the oil and gas industries; however, the unemployment rate of last season decreases from 4.8% to 4.3% if we are noticed that the laying off is still going on during some oil and gas companies. THE DATA NEVER LIES! It is telling us that more job opportunities are being created and more and more natives can find the jobs suitable to themselves. SO, PLEASE STOPPING PROPOSING THAT OPINION THAT F-1 STUDENTS ARE OCCUPYING THE JOB MARKET!

Based on the above points, I didn't see any reasons that we should reject this proposal.
