Zhehao Li Generally I think the new rule is very good, for the following reasons:

1.International students are mostly much smarter than domestic students in the same universities, because US universities give strong preference to US students over international students in the admission process. That is, if two students have similar academic achievements, one of whom is US citizen and the other is foreigner, then US universities will definitely admit the US citizen FIRST. So those international students admitted by US universities are generally smarter than the average US students US universities admitted. So the common occurrence is that most of the students who earn a GPA of 4.0 in US universities are international. As a result, to make US universities contribute more to US economy, those smart international students must be given permission to work in US to contribute to US industry.

2. Industry need more smart employees to develop. As I said in the above paragraph, international students are generally smarter than US citizens in the same universities. So US industry need those smart people.

3. Giving international students more permission to work can prevent them from returning to their own countries to compete with US. It's a foolish to train a smart student and then tell them to return to our competitors. Although US is the greatest country in the work but recently its status is being challenged by countries like China. OPT extension can prevent smart people from returning to China and promote their ability to compete.

Some opponents may claim US has enough STEM graduates and many US STEM graduates work in non-STEM field. I cannot agree with them because:

1. There are many reasons why many US STEM graduates don't work in STEM field. Some of them may be that other fields are more profitable than STEM field. For example, many MIT STEM graduates work as real estate agents, which is NOT a STEM field. Because many real estate agents have much higher salaries than STEM field. The house prices in San Francisco is extremely high. Selling a house with price of 2 million dollars in San Francisco can give 120 thousand dollars to the agent. If an agent can sell 10 houses per year then he can earn 1.2 million dollars, which is much higher than if he/she remains in STEM field. So many US graduate volunteer to go to non-STEM field because of a higher salary. So many US STEM graduates work in non-STEM field does NOT lead to the conclusion that US has enough STEM graduates.

2. Even if there are enough STEM graduates, it still does NOT mean every sub-field in STEM has enough graduates. For example, US is in shortage of graduates with Computer Science major. That's why most of the H1B and EB green cards are given to Computer Science workers, while there are quite few workers in other STEM field are given H1B or EB green card. So it's necessary to give more working permission to Computer Science students to meet the demand of US labor market, even if there are enough STEM graduates in field other than Computer Science.

Besides, the new rule proposal does a very good job in preventing employers from hiring cheap international students because it requires the wage of OPT graduates cannot be lower than US graduates. It's very good.

Finally, I want to propose some minor changes to the new rule:

1. It seems employers are required to provide something like training plans for OPT students. I don't think that's necessary because every employer have plans for their employees, even if their don't submit it to USCIS. This step is completely redundant.

Thank you
