Yutong Duan Those against F-1 STEM extension do not understand this policy or have any reliable evidence. 

1. OPT students do not cost US taxpayers' money to study or work here. Before being admitted to any school, international students are required to have enough funds to cover all expenses during the stay, including mandatory healthcare insurance. Although some may receive merit-based scholarship, it is very limited and competitive, and citizens always have many more opportunities and options.

2. Most students are non-resident aliens, ineligible for social security benefits or Medicare available to citizens, it is nonsense to even start talking about loss of social security tax or Medicare trust funds. No tax is lost as this foreign population is not covered.

3. Ideally the job market is a level ground for anyone to compete, just like school admission or scholarship/fellowship awards. In principle, competence and quality of individual should be the only deciding factors. US is an immigration country and should make every effort to be friendly to international students as well as to improve the immigration system. For the very least, international students who received a STEM degree with excellence deserve a chance to complement academic study with adequate industry training and, at the same time, to contribute to the STEM sector of the US.

4. But in reality, citizens always have an edge over foreigners when seeking employment, because the vast majority of jobs require citizenship or green card. Foreign applicants are only eligible for a small fraction of the job market. Hiring foreign workers to work in the US is also more expensive than simply hiring qualified citizens. So there is really not much competition, contrary to popular belief.

5. OPT is a temporary training, like an internship, not a permanent job. If you are worried about Americans losing permanent or long-term jobs, then the OPT program is irrelevant. If you are worried about American students competing with international students over internship positions, then you might as well ask all US schools to close doors to international students. Again, citizens have a huge advantage in job applications already. 

6. If you are one of the unfortunate Americans who lost your job, it is due to fair competition or more likely outsourcing, which can be unfair. STEM extension is not your enemy. Instead, what's evil is the seemingly legitimate outsourcing companies, which game the system, acquire massive amounts of H1-B visas for people with no skill, and purposely take the work from the US to overseas (e.g. the 7 big Indian names).

7. Almost all hostile opponents speaking from their own negative experience exhibit varied degrees of incompetence, and a lack of understanding of a competitive environment or what globalisation entails, while unaware of their huge natural advantage as citizens. Kicking international STEM students out of the country will not solve your attitude problem or make you good at your job if you are mediocre. You would still inevitably face a layoff in domestic competition.

8. STEM is important and the shortage is beyond doubt. If there were enough qualified American STEM graduates, then corporates would have no reason to prefer the more expensive international counterparts with possible language/cultural complications. In fact, international applicants have to be considerably more qualified and skilled than American applicants in order to win the competition and secure an internship or job. Otherwise it is not worth the hassle and cost for employers to go to great lengths to hire a non-citizen.

9. Some widely quoted articles against OPT are laughably flawed, e.g. CIS piece by David North. Yet the number of people falling for misleading statements is striking. Immigration is a matter that requires solid facts and rigorous reasoning. There is simply too much pale protectionism, pseudo-patriotism, and calculated political agenda going on. DHS needs to take the initiative to set the record straight and ensure ample supply of qualified STEM students entering workforce and obtaining proper training, which is a primary driving force of continued technological innovations and economic growth.
