zhehui li I am in favor of extending OPT. First, about my background.I am an international student at Boston College, and currently I am in grad school pursuing my PHD degree in a STEM field. Before that, I've obtained a Mater degree in another school in US, still STEM related major.I consider myself as a very professional individual with qualified skills in my field and great teamwork capability. I do love to work in US for a while after i graduate because this country has excellent research platform and advanced technique where my talents and potential could be fully discovered. However, being an international students, a employee, we are facing a tremendous difficulties and bias in the job market, and we are less likely to find a job unless we are much more competitive than a US citizen candidate. The employer will normally prefer US citizen than internationals given those two candidates having the same professional skills. Even though the competition is so harsh for us, a lot of my excellent friends still find a job within the OPT period. However, Some could not find a job in this short period of time and go back to their country.From what i heard is, they are just doing great in their country! Those great, talented people work hard and smart, and they contribute a lot benefits to their countries. The were no losers at all, some even achieve a much high social status than those staying in US. For example, my friend graduated from a polymer institution in US, and she could not find a job in US during OPT time, so she went back home to as a research scientist in a local company. Recently, the R&D she leads discovers a new polymer with an excellent thermostability and shows potential applications in many fields. All here I want to say is that, the US people should not worry about internationals gonna steal jobs away from you, and anyone should really work hard, and study hard to get things they want. I am in favor of extending OPT period, because I think on the one hand, it would be more beneficial to those talented internationals to fully think about their career and on the other hand, essentially it is a benefit to US if they choose to stay and contribute their talents to this country.
