Christian Gerard OPT extension brings all benefits and no harm to the economy, science and technology of the United States. Its the key to keeping the leadership and dominance of the United States in the world.

First of all, the OPT extension attracts many talented international students to come and contribute to the academia and industry of the US. If OPT extension were aborted, those international students may instead go to Canada, the UK, Australia, Japan or simply stay at their home country, and make those countries, not the US, stronger and more competitive in the world. Who would suffer from such loss? 

Second, as some of the opposite opinions argue, those international students are taking jobs away from Americans, i.e. unfair competition. But the truth is the OPT extension indeed guarantees the fairness of the job market. As said in the proposed rule by DHS on the OPT extension issue, only companies involved in the e-Verify system can hire OPT holders. And the e-Verify system is designed to assure the equality and integrity of job markets for all applicants. Therefore, Americans and those OPT holders are treated completely fairly on job markets.

Admittedly, some of Americans may also argue why on the earth we have to FARILY compete with those OPT holders since were citizens of this country? OK. Lets assume such argument makes sense at first. But in fact, the OPT holders have their natural disadvantage of getting a job. Imagine youre hiring new employees for you own company and you have two applicants, one American, one international OPT holder, both of which are similarly competent. Who would you choose? Are you gonna choose the intentional OPT holder in spite of the cultural discrepancy, the tedious job visa procedure and accompanying law issues, the difficulty of the OPT holder to involve in your company and the possibility that one day he/she just decided to go back to his own country all of a sudden? I think a wise manager would undoubtedly prefer the American applicant over the international OPT holder. As a result, its much easier for an American to get a job than his/her similar intentional counterpart. 

As I just said above, if an international OPT holder is hired, he/she must be significantly more capable than his American competitors to compensate the extra effort the company spent. Thus he/she is able to contribute more to the company. What if the OPT extension were stopped and all those talented workers would be forced to leave? Who would suffer the most? Those American companies, which provide products and services to all American folks, which pay taxes to make the US government running and all the public facilities working, which make the US excellent in almost all industries. Should the OPT extension really be aborted, so that American people would lose all of those welfares?

As a conclusion, the OPT extension does all the good to the US and its people. Americans just can not afford losing it.
