Ming Zhao I strongly support OPT STEM extension.

First, it is the key to the success of our country, the United States. We are providing the best higher education to the best of the best students all over the world. It does not make any sense if we just let them leave the US, return to their original country, and contribute with all they've learned in the US. A large part of the most successful figures in science and industry in the US are originally international students. They received higest education, and then start to contribute to this country, using the OPT and OPT STEM extension opportunities. Without these wonderful opportunities, they would have returned to their own country, start their business, lead their research, serve for their military forces, and help their own country to surpass the US.

Some people hold the narrow and one-sided opinion that international students are seizing the job opportunities of US native workers. This is very short-sighted. Most of the international students who need OPT STEM extension receive the highest education in the US, and they are seeking opportunities like engineers and scientists. Are we having too many engineers and scientists in the US? No!!! We have too few of them. China, India, Brazil and Russia are spending a huge amount of money to attrack the best scientists and engineers to go to their countries; and we, the US, are thinking of expelling them because they are seizing job opportunities of local workers? How many of our local workers are qualified for the top-level scientists and engineers positions that require years of master or even doctoral level training? 

Besides, we strongly believe that the OPT STEM extension opportunity will create more job opportunities for our local people. Many of my international student friends tells me that they are planning to start their own business in the US, which will create job opportunities for local people. They all believe that the United States is the best place to start your business, and now is the best time, than ever. Many of our most impactful and successful companies are originally start-up companies, and many of them are started by international students. Do you know Nvidia, the largest manufacture of graphics processing units (GPUs) in the world? It is founded by a Taiwanese, named Jen-Hsun Huang. If he did not have the opportunity to work in the US, there would be no Nvidia, thus no general purpose GPU, no advancement in deep learning - a revolutionary achievement in artificial intelligence, no modern video games with lavish visual effects but still running smoothly on your laptop, and our supercomputers would be hundreds of thousand times slower than what we actually have now. And, this is just on single instance, from the tens of thousands (even more) similar cases.

In summmary, we should definitely support the improving and expanding of the training opportunities of international students. It is about the destiny of the country that we all love - the United States. Let's do not be short-sighted and allured by some dangerous immediate "benefit". If you really care about the future of our country, care about the future of your children, you should support the OPT STEM extension.
