Cheryl Victorino In order to protect job opportunities and wages of American workers, we must cut or stop the number of temporary employment visas to Tech workers who compete with American workers. By extending the Department of Homeland Security's Optional Practical Training Program (OPT) from 12 months to 36 months, DHS will allow hundreds of thousands more foreign Tech and other skilled workers to take American jobs. Most of the Optional Practical Training Program employees will pay no Social Security Payroll taxes and neither will their employers. This amounts to a substantial bonus to employers for hiring recent alien college graduates. As noted In the comments, most of the foreign-student commenters support the OPT Program. They know it as a bridge to remain in the United States, and employers know it as a way to get around the H-1B cap. This proposed expansion of the OPT Program would also cause foreign students to violate their pledges to leave the country upon graduation, and it goes against the original purpose of OPT which was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned. Congress has ruled that student visas are NOT to be used as a means of immigration. Clearly, the expanded federal immigration regulation being pushed by the Obama Administration and DHS runs against Congress' intent and the interests of American workers. Neither is there a requirement in the OPT Program for the employer to pay the minimum or the prevailing wage to foreign guest workers. It's another incentive for employers to get cheap labor. Employers have to provide mentoring programs to the foreign guest workers, but this same mentoring is not available to Americans. Why not? This is unlawful discrimination based on immigration status. The Social Security and Medicare trust funds have already been robbed by greedy and ambitious political types. The OPT Program has cost $1 Billion per year already. That means retirees will be short changed by billions of dollars more if this proposed rule expansion goes through. As a retired woman, I fear that my income could be reduced. I also see the possibility that my bright college-student granddaughter who is earning a Science degree will not be able to find a job in her field. I have six other grandchildren who have aptitudes for STEM careers. I ask, how can American college graduates compete with this discriminatory jobs give-away program? But Tech executives and the shareholders are rolling in the money while Tech workers' wages and living standards have remained stagnant for years, and thousands of American STEM graduates are either out of work or have given up looking for jobs in their field.
