Anonymous Anonymous Firstly as a US citizen I object to the ability of foreign nationals, most likely possible beneficiaries of an OPT visa, to comment on this issue. US regulations are a matter for US citizens to decide, and not foreign nationals. The US government should work on behalf of and for the benefit of US citizens first and foremost. It goes without saying that foreign nationals would want permission to stay here. 

The F student visas are granted to foreign students who persuade the US government that they do not have any intention to stay in the US after completing their studies. Therefore the F-1 student visa is definitely not supposed to be used as a means to immigrate to the US. Similarly, the granting of an optional training period should never be considered a means to immigrate to the US by the US government. It was designed to let the student practice their craft for a short time prior to returning to their home country as they persuaded us they would. To extend what is a nominal 12-month period to a couple of years is to change the nature of this temporary work permit. It should never be intended as a bridge for intending immigrants. For STEM students, there is no dire shortage of STEM graduates. The US Census bureau agreed with others in 2014 that there are many more STEM graduates each year than there are STEM job openings. Our government including the Department of Homeland Security and the immigration services should not be utilizing this training visa to assist businesses in overlooking qualified trained US citizen STEM graduates when there is clearly not a shortage. Again, the best interests of US Citizens need to be put before those of businesses or of foreign nationals. 

For the foregoing reasons the OPT training period should remain firm at 12 months for any foreign student. The OPT training period should not be utilized as a bridge to H1-B visas, also a non-immigrant visa. The oversubscription of the H1-B visa program should not be a consideration in the decision about OPT training visas.
