Zheyuan Zhu, University of Central Florida I would definitely support the extension for STEM OPT. We all know that real-world experience is vital to consolidate the knowledge taught in class, and ensures students have the ability apply their field of studies to solving practical problems. OPT bridges the gap between STEM education and industrial practice for international students. The OPT and its extended training period for STEM degree-holders is what attracts many international students (including me) to choose U.S. as a destination for studying STEM majors, despite its high cost. The growing number of international students contributes to the growth in demand as they spend money on tuition, housing, cars and other everyday consumption, which means a boosting economy in these areas and more jobs being created as the demand grows.

In addition to attracting more students coming to U.S. for STEM education and its immediate economic benefit, this OPT extension is contributing to the continuous academic excellence of both institutions and individuals. In my graduate program at CREOL in University of Central Florida, the attraction for international students would grant enrollment of a larger number of talented applicants, who form the foundation of the world-leading research activities in Optics and Photonics, and are constantly pushing forward the frontiers in these areas. The portion of international student is constantly increasing over the past years as a result of this appealing opportunity to receive practical training after graduation for our highly engineering-oriented graduate program [1, 2]. Many students utilize this STEM extension to work on practical training in industrial partners. The outstanding performance of these students earned more research grant and support from industry in return, which is a vital part in securing strong connections between our researchers and the industry. After they go back to home country, these alumni continue to promote the international collaboration with research efforts in our department. This cycle that benefits both students and institute could end if the OPT extension is revoked, and less opportunities are offered to these talented students.

[1] http://www.creol.ucf.edu/About/AnnualReport2013.pdf, p.1, p.25
[2] http://www.creol.ucf.edu/About/AnnualReport2012.pdf, p.24
