David Sexton The OPT and extension policy should definitely be supported.
1.The technology revolution and development has been playing more and more important role in US economy. With OPT extension, many American technology company could recruit best majoring engineer students from the whole world. Good employee would increase the programming efficiency, improve ability of make creation. On the other hand, OPT extension could provide opportunity to those excellent foreign science and technology students to make contribution in US. For example, Chrome is the most popular browser in the world. But it is an indian software engineer who come up with Chrome. Chrome could search instantly, type less, more simple and human interface and more convenient function, tools. Thus huge revolution is created by an Asian software engineer and implemented by a big team which including other excellent Asian software engineer. We cannot distinguish which countrys software engineer participated more because it is a cooperation between different excellent people from different country. But chrome would undoubtedly bring much more revenue to the American Tech company - Google. Because we have a good policy OPT and extension makes such great invention possible. I could tell millions of examples that Asian software engineer cooperate with American to make a great revolution today, making huge fortune to US. They are happening every day. This foundation of these great successful technology improvement is that our government has a good policy.
2.A good policy like OPT and extension could attract world most excellent students to US. After graduation from worlds top level universities, they could stay in US and make further attribution to US. If we expel those excellent engineer and technological students, there would be much less creative invention and promising start up in silicon valley. It would be a huge loss to America.
So we should support OPT and extension policy since it would bring more values for our country. 
