Jun Zhang Undoubtedly, to improve and expand training opportunity for F-1 non-immigrant students with STEM degrees and Cap-Gap relief for all F-1 students is beneficial to the United States in all kind of aspects.

First of all, this policy will do good for the whole country, such as improving the economic situation and leading in technology. Expanding training time will give people more time,opportunities and confidence to set up their own companies and operate them successfully, which means more career positions could be created and the economic condition could be promoted. These high educated students can also bring excellent ideas, insight, vitality and new solutions to a large quantity of problems like the most difficult technology.

Additionally, American enterprises and employers can be benefited by this policy. Nowadays, the most important point is the talented person. There is no doubt that the brain drain is really harmful to a company. Imagining that a company has spent more than one year to cultivate a qualified employee, however, this employee has to leave when the company needs a feedback. The result is that employers dare not to hire these F-1 non-immigrant students with STEM degrees, and then the talent market will only have single source. This will be a vicious circle.

Last but not the least, this policy will attract more and more people to pursue a degree in the United States, which will bring a lot of money to the universities and other areas in education. Meanwhile, these international students can increase cultural diversity and bring the vitality and competitiveness to the universities.

Indeed, some persons said this policy will affect the career opportunity for the local people. But the fact is that international students account for a large proportion in STEM degrees, and they are a very important component of the society no matter in the history of America or nowadays. So, they wont change the structure of the career in the whole country. For the sake of reasons above, I think 36 months for the OPT would be better and it would be reasonable to allow STEM students obtaining another 24 months OPT extension after getting a second STEM degree.
