Yuqi SI To whom it may concern,

I strongly SUPPORT OPT extension.

There are so many benefits for not only US government but STEM students as well.

As for United States,it is acknowledged that the OPT program is an easy way for tech companies to recruit foreign workers. The USA staying on the top of the world lies on attracting the most talent people around the world.This proposal will benefit this country and stands true for its ambitions.

For the students, I think this 24-month extension is very helpful for STEM students to utilize their knowledge, especially they learned from the U.S. institutions, to contribution to the U.S. economy.This will provide the students to get exposed to the real world working culture and will help them gain real time knowledge.

I do not understand why the U.S. government, institutions and labs spent so much money and energy to develop these STEM students, and then let them go back to their own countries. What is the benefit for U.S. government?

For those who think native Americans cannot find jobs because of this regulation, I think they are ridiculous. Whether a person can find a job or not is totally based on ability and passion about this job,not simply because of the regulation itself. Imagine if there is no STEM student work for USA at all, what will happen to the technology and science field of United States?So scared to think about.

Nowadays USA is the greatest country in the world, it needs people from all countries contribute their efforts to maintain the position.

In a nutshell, not only the international students need the extension in order to gain real world working experiences after their graduation, but also the companies, the market, and the U.S. need these group of people to improve the economy and help the U.S. stay in the lead in various fields. 

In terms of all these factors, I truly do believe that the benefits will over-weight the harms for passing the STEM extension rule. 

Thank you for your time and attention for reading through my comments!
