Xiao Li I don't see any reason to oppose this regulation unless the commenter is blaming everything of his or her personal career difficulties to the federal governments regulation. The regulation is to allow STEM students (Notice, it is for STEM students, not even workers or immigrants) to expand the length of time for them to do industrial practice in US after pursuing a degree of bachelors, masters or PhD in science, technology, engineering and math.

Opponents constantly claim they were victims of immigrants seeking for jobs in US, however, the regulation is for students, who potentially would be immigrants, but very probable of returning their own fast developing countries as well. In addition, foreign students disproportionately study STEM and business fields (http://www.brookings.edu/research/interactives/2014/geography-of-foreign-students#/M38300). Beside business, a lot of students are studying arts, design, music who are not the target of the regulation. The students are in legal status when they stay in US, so this regulation has nothing to do with the debates of illegal immigrants taking US jobs. 

Despite some opponents' personal difficulties, biases or misunderstandings of the regulation, intended or unintended, this regulation is beneficial to many fields, industries and institutions a lot. It is a very simple logic that anyone can follow immediately. First of all, if any markets were to maintain a healthy, if any economy were to pursuing growth, the fair competition is the foundation. Eliminating the possibility of foreign students to work in US, would make the job market has less competitors and therefore decrease the vitality of the STEM companies, who in the end have to hire more and pay more to unqualified workers to remain competitive in international market. Once companies cannot afford this, the companies die and the jobs would disappear. 

On the other hand, all companies that support foreign students with OPT stem, they have to pay for it. Each company, other than the payroll, have to pay for each foreign student they hire. If it true, according to some opponents of this regulation, that US has enough qualified STEM workers, why would US companies choose to spend extra to hire foreign students? Here the opponents is trying to mislead the public by mixing the H-1B quotas being used by some contractor companies with OPT STEM Extension, however, H1B is not directly related to this regulation and congress is investigating and limiting the H1B fraud.

It is clear that STEM companies need to expand, and they choose to expand with some foreign student workforces who usually carry a Masters or PhD degree beside hiring qualified Americans. They have to do this due to the shortage of local talents and willing to provide good practice opportunities to the students who just finished school. Once the STEM companies managed to grow and expand, they would pay more taxes (which could be used in US education, US medicare, military etc.), they would create more job opportunities (not only to foreign students, but more important, to US citizens.), they could manage to decrease the prices of a lot things because better technologies are invented. It is undoubtably clear that the regulation would generate way more benefits to the nation compared to the short-termed pain of some unqualified individuals who only blames more qualified competitors taking away their opportunities of getting paid for underperforming.
