Vyshali Enukonda I would like to submit the following comments in response to the Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

As an international student in the United States I have graduated with a Master's degree in Computer Engineering in December 2014.My employer has filed a H1-B visa for me in April 2015 but my application did not make the lottery.I was glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

The proposal to reinstitute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. This experiential learning will allow me to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in a professional setting. STEM graduates like me should be given more opportunity to gain valuable applied experience and make connections in professional fields they are considering for career paths. The additional OPT time will provide me with more broad exposure to industries and organizations to aid in personally developing and exploring career possibilities as well as creating a professional network. These benefits also will encourage future international students to join STEM programs in the U.S. and allow U.S. companies to remain competitive globally.


Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest strategies and techniques in the field. According to usnews.com there is a huge shortage of STEM talent.There are some 40,000 computer science bachelor's degree earners each year but roughly 4 million job vacancies for computer workers. In all, the median duration of advertising for STEM vacancies is more than twice that of those in other fields.There is roughly 1.9 jobs for 1 person.

According to NAFSA international students and their families created or supported 340,000 jobs and contributed $26.8 billion to the U.S. economy during the 2013-2014 academic year alone.So the opposition that is coming to this rule from various people is really unfounded.International students are not replacing US native STEM degree holders.They are infact filling the serious shortage of STEM talent that exists here and are contributing towards the greater good of United States which has always been welcoming to a global mix of talent.

I hope this effort made by DHS,congress and tens of thousands of students will be applauded by bringing this rule into effect. 

Sincerely,
Vyshali Enukonda.
