Carol Wagner 
A Proposed Rule by the Homeland Security Department on 10/19/2015


Comment* RE: DHS STEM OPT Rule Proposal for changes:

The following is an excerpt from the Proposed STEM OPT Rule from the Homeland Security Department, ". . . to further enhance the academic benefit provided by STEM OPT extensions and increase oversight, which will better ensure that students gain valuable practical STEM experience that supplements knowledge gained through their academic studies, while preventing adverse effects to U.S. workers. By earning a functional understanding of how to apply their academic knowledge in a work setting, students will be better positioned to begin careers in their fields of study. These on-the-job educational experiences would be obtained only with those employers that commit to developing students' knowledge and skills through practical application. The proposed changes would also help ensure that the nation's colleges and universities remain globally competitive in attracting international STEM students to study and lawfully remain in the United States."

I am appalled that the United States of America funds such a program as STEM OPT. 

While the "Rule" says that American Citizen Workers will not be negatively impacted by this "Rule" modification, this is clearly not the case since the "Rule" is for foreign students studying at American institutions. The foreign students are elligible for preferential hiring by American employers. The foreign students are given "Mentoring" in work skills "in order to begin careers in their fields of study. The ". . . colleges and universities" seek out this extension of time for student visas " . . . in order to "remain competative in attracting more international STEM students . . ." 

American college and university students are graduating and not finding jobs in their chosen fields of study. American graduates are saddled with enormous sums of debt for loans for their education that take many years to repay. Where are the programs subsidied by American Taxpayers to aid American students in getting on the job training in their chosen fields of study with American employers? Where are the "Mentoring" programs aimed at American students enabling them to transition from the learning enviroment into the workforce?

The obvious answers to my questions are that the American Business Community, Chamber of Commerce, our Federal Government in the Homeland Security Department, and American higher education, have joined together to allow foreign students to usurp the rights of American students, and American workers. At a time of unparalleled negative job growth in America, this is insanity! We have scores, and scores of young people unemployed or underemployed, and these are American Citizens, not foreign students. Why are we supporting foreign nationals with employment opportunities not offered to American Citizen Students?

I urge the Department of Homeland Security not to enact this proposed rule extension because it strikes many a blow to the hearts of Americans in their struggles to attain higher education and their aims of acquiring a secure working income. American Citizens should come first in Federal Government priorities since the Constitution mandates "protection" of American Citizens first and foremost. "Protection" comes in many forms such as Military protection, and extends to protecting the rights of Citizens first in all areas of our government's responsibilities. Limiting Visa time for foreign students would be fundamental in protecting American students, workers, and the general citizenery from foreign influence and foreign ursuption of jobs that Americans deserve. 
