Cicy Peng I strong support this opt extension rule.
When I applied my master program three years ago, the one year OPT plus the 17 months extension was one of the biggest reasons why I chose America instead of other countries like England, Austria, or New Zealand. I came here not just for education or degree, I more value the working experience after graduation abroad before I went back to China. Three years ago I saw this as promise by America. But now if you abolish this extension rule, you will break your promise and will definitely have huge negative impacts on millions of international students like me in their long-term career plans.
Also I dont think it will make Americans lose their jobs at all. In this point, I think I can speak for most of international students like me. First, it is not our intention at all to compete with Americans to make their life harder. Second, it is not the fact. We are STEM students, and for the jobs in STEM area in America there is more demand than supply, Americans job opportunity in this area will not be affected at all. Moreover, most of the STEM international students like me, for example, will choose to go back to their home countries finally. What we want is only experience, we never intend to grab any resource from Americans.
Finally, it is a great help for American big corporations like Apple, Microsoft, IBM or Uber to innovate overseas market, which is important to help them win in global competition. For example if Uber wants to broaden its market in China, who are the most suitable and qualified candidates, of course the F1 students from China who have not just academic but also enough working experience in the US. If they only have like one year working experience in the US, that is far from enough to equip them with technical expertise or domain knowledge in that field. I think 3 years is an ideal length of period to prepare them from rookies to professionals to help American corporations to innovate markets overseas. 
