Balaji Sridharan 18 November 2015

The Honorable Jeh Johnson
Secretary of Homeland Security
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I am an international student who graduated from the University of Oklahoma. All international students are in the United States on F-1 visas. Myself, and many of my classmates and friends will be strongly affected by the Proposed Rule.

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. I'm particularly excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months.
I am currently using OPT to gain practical training experience in the US. The OPT and OPT extension are important to me because it gives me an opportunity have a career and advance my understanding in my field of education. 

Apart from this, by working here, I have an opportunity to give back to the American society that gave me an education. I give back, not just my volunteering to help people in my personal time, I also pay taxes like every other citizen. My tax dollars are being used to enrich the lives of American citizens. Furthermore, the most of the income I earn here is spent in America, improving the American economy, This also supporting many businesses, and thereby supporting jobs. 

I am very concerned with the possibility that my STEM OPT Extension and the ability of students to make use of the STEM OPT Extension might be disrupted by recent court actions, upcoming court actions, and delays in rule making process. I commend DHS for working quickly to prepare this new Proposed Rule.

However, I feel more could be and should be done for the international students who contribute so much to the American economy. Firstly, an Increase in the OPT period from the proposed 24 months to a new 36 months will be very helpful. I strongly advocate this. More time in the US means more tax dollars for the government. Considering the trillions of dollars of American debt, the government could do with more people paying taxes. And Secondly, an increase in unemployment period during extension will give students more time to find jobs in their area of expertise. 

I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to F-1 students.

Best regards,
Balaji Sridharan 

2015 Graduate, University of Oklahoma
