Anonymous Anonymous I strongly welcome this new rules.

And aside from the economic benefits international students can provide, they also offer an important enrichment to higher education for students, says Heather Stewart, NAFSA's counsel and director of immigration policy. 

"You cant get a higher education that prepares you for today or tomorrow without having a global education," Stewart says. "You need an international education, and not every American student can study abroad."

It's often difficult for international students to stay in the United States after graduation, Stewart says, because the country's immigration system runs counter to wanting to attract and retain these students.

"On the front end when theyre applying for visa, required to say they have no intent to immigrate to U.S.," Stewart says. "T
hat kind of determination when someone is often a young person coming to the US can be quite a challenge to prove."

The dilemma comes at a time when educators, employers and politicians say there's a great need for highly-skilled individuals to fill STEM jobs and not enough American workers to fill them. Those who say there is in fact a STEM crisis point to how quickly the country hits its cap of the number of H-1B visas each year as evidence of the predicament in that employers have to look to foreign individuals to fill the jobs.

Other research suggests the United States misses opportunity when foreign students leave because they take with them their entrepreneurial aspirations business-related degrees are the most popular for foreign students, according to the government report. A 2009 study from Harvard University Law School also found more than half of international students surveyed wanted to start a business within the next decade just not in the United States.

"Better job prospects, looser visa restrictions, and a U.S. economic rebound could all prove to be attractive to would-be entrepreneurs holding newly minted sheepskins," the study says. "Adding incentive programs to encourage 
foreign-immigrant entrepreneurship ... could go a long way toward ensuring that those who want to stay and start companies can do so."
