Ritesh Gupta The move to re-instate the STEM OPT extension is welcomed by both the F-1 student and American business groups. The additional clauses to provide protection to US workers against displacement, ensuring adequate compensation for those on OPT and limiting the program to accredited schools also serve to preserve the intent of the OPT extension program.
The only debatable clause in the proposed rule is the 'Training and Mentoring Plan'. While it does not ensure that it will restrict OPT program abuse, it will definitely make genuine employers think twice before hiring students on OPT. The proposed rule requires the employer to prepare a 'training plan' when the student is about to potentially begin his 2nd year of employment. Most training usually occurs in the first year on the job and the 2nd/3rd years are usually spent on 'learning by doing'. Advanced degree/Doctorate degree holders are usually the most qualified personnel in a company and those on F-1 visas use the OPT program to obtain 'practical experience' by applying their skills and knowledge in the 'real world'. They may also have junior employees reporting to them. To expect both the employers and employees to be held against a 'training plan' for 3 years of employment for highly skilled personnel does not make business sense for either party. Business plans are confidential in nature and employers may not be comfortable in releasing detailed information to external sources and the training plan documents will end up being generic documents limited to high level job descriptions. University DSOs may not also be familiar with technical job activity descriptions and may not be in a position to review and approve these documents.

The STEM OPT program was conceived to allow students multiple attempts at the H1-B visa while gaining experience. Students who apply for the STEM extn are mostly those who were petitioned for by an employer but not selected in the H1-B lottery. If the employer has already considered them for an H1-B, it means that they have been considered suitable for regular employment. To put such employees back on 'training' mode does not make sense for the employer. 

What can be done in lieu of the 'Training/Mentoring plan' is to provide USCIS with a job profile document detailing employee roles and responsibilities and an organization structure chart. The job profile provided during recruiting or advertising for the job can also be included. If there are any significant changes in job profile or positions during the course of OPT, the same can be intimated to the DSO. I believe this approach will ease the burden on all parties involved - the employer, employee and university DSO.
