xiaoxian zheng I strongly SUPPORT this new OPT policy. It is beneficial not only to US corporations, US education industry, US citizens but also to foreign students and their original countries.
The extension is essential to many US corporations. As a business analyst currently working in a US corporation after graduation, I took responsibility in conducting a three-year long term project. Without the extension program, the company will need to hire new employees and spent time, and of course money, in training them, which will incur huge cost from a business perspective. Some of the research programs also require more than three years of devotion, which is based on the assumption that the researcher is able to be aligned to the program for at least two to three years.
Not only US corporations will be negatively affected but also the education industry. The colleges and graduate schools which offer science and technology programs became attractive partially because of the STEM extension. Without the extension program, some of the students may no longer consider these programs as their first choices because only one year's working experience in US is far from enough to get acknowledged in certain industry, thus other countries which offer similar program with lower cost may become equally or more attractive.
With STEM programs not supported by extension, more foreign students will start to pursue business or other non-technical programs, which will affect the US citizens' competitiveness in these areas. Some of the US citizens fighting against extension state that through extension they are losing jobs in specific STEM fields while they ignore the fact they are losing positions because they lack specific skillsets instead of extension program. To my perspective, the extension program can not be more fair for the minority foreign students with higher level of education and diligence. 
Last but not least, the extension offers longer time for graduates to become fully-fledged in certain industry, which will benefit the students themselves and the original country.
