Michael Barnes Comments on Docket No. ICEB-2015-0002

Effect on American workers and prospective workers:
I write this comment as an out of work Information Technology professional holding both a BS and MBA degree and as a US Air Force Viet Nam era veteran.
This program is open only to foreign workers and claims to be temporary followed by students return to their home countries. It represents discrimination against American students and American workers including those that have given up the search due to unfair regulations allowing hiring of less expensive foreigners by establishing standards in this regulation that allow all of them to be displaced by foreign students.
oThe length of time allowed brings this extension to the same as the horribly misused H1 series of visas and allows the foreign student to qualify for H1 series visas. Remember the Disney IT workers and other IT workers displaced by H1 series visas run amok.
oThe standards aimed at protecting American workers are so vague they protect no one except the foreign student. 
oStandards must be strengthened to require both local and national advertising as well as us veteran job sites, the Veteran's Administration job site and all 50 US state job boards, that are tied to unemployment compensation for that state, stating clear position qualifications for US citizen and legal entrants, excluding any H1 series visas, and requiring each position to be filled with a qualifying citizen or entrant applying BEFORE any STEM foreign student may be considered. 
oThe hiring entity must also provide each qualifying or non-qualifying applicant with clear indication of any reason for disqualification as an applicant with a minimum of a 90 day appeal window when the applicant believes the company has not clearly proved the applicant is not qualified under the position qualifications or that the qualifications were developed to only allow foreign applicants. Hiring must be frozen until all appeals have been adjudicated.
The program also defunds social security and medicare by not requiring payment on behalf of the foreign worker. 
oCompany payroll taxes must be collected from any hiring company and rules established to make sure these funds are properly deposited in the programs which were both designed to use current workers to fund them!
Prevailing wages are extremely vague and take note of foreign country wages
oA rewrite is in order to clearly indicate that the US State where the job is located wages for similar positions is used and, if a position is being abolished as part of hiring this job, the salary and benefits offered must be at least 5% higher than the abolished position. This standard should also be used on H1 series visas when they apply for positions if US workers are being phased out.
