Sandeep Gudimetla OPT extension matters to all international students in United States. And I totally agree with OPT extension expanding.

1. The international students who are working by OPT have strong skills and abilities that can improve America's industrial productivity. These students are the top-tier students from all over the world. They brought their talents from their countries and educated in America. If we forced them leave America, because of OPT expiration. That would be dramatic lost of America.

2. OPT extension attracts more international students to come to U.S. As we know, international students pay significantly more tuitions than U.S. citizens. Many institutions in U.S. are based on this large amount of money to running. If the international students coming rates are dropping, totally bad for economy of USA.

3. Few U.S. citizens working on the positions that most OPT students are working for. And more than half of OPT students are working for IT companies. These major IT companies, such as Google, Facebook, Apple, etc. cannot recruit enough workers without foreign students. Because of quota of H1B visa, many workers of these companies are still in OPT status to work in U.S. legally. If these workers are needed to leave America, these IT companies would possibly outsourcing their business to other low-income countries, such as India, China... If they do so, United States would lose its profit and skilled workers.

Above all, OPT extension is not only good for international students themselves but also good for economy in United States. Furthermore, with very little influence to working opportunities of United States citizens. Therefore, US government should consider the OPT extension expanding.

STEM students will lose their work eligibility, projected career and life plan when OPT extension is revoked. They will feel desperate and miserable at the very beginning, but finally, they will find good jobs somewhere else, because, they have been well cultivated and trained by the U.S. education system and STEM employers for at least 2-3 years.

I believe the OPT stem policy will be very helpful to American economy.
