Luna Ren What makes America Strong? Creativity generated from Diversity and talent attaction. If these two key qualities are gone, American eagle would fall down.Impeding OPT is really a short sight behavior to win locally for now and lose globally for the rest of American life.

OPT start the beginning of industry diversity and creation, whether the trend can continue or not depends on H1B and many other regulations.This is like diversity of food, it was international bring delicious cuisine into America, and mixed into more fabulous choices. Do you like limited dinner choices as merely burgers cokes, hotdogs and frie?! No coming and reinventing dishes, stomach is doomed.No OPT, or its expansion, no foreign workers and no ideas from other cultures, then America would become a coountry of narrow mind, and economy and technique growth would stop, strengh would lost, fate is doomed. I believe wise Americans don't want live an Amercia like fish live in a pond of dead stale water.

OPT is one way of talent attraction.OPT is just a time for employer to get some fresh diversity and for student to get more practical training for their American education, which is a integral attactive part of world famous Amercian education. If the OPT is gone, then there would be a huge drop in number of students who chose US to study, and High education and welcoming training plan of russian, canada, Europe,india, China would be the substitute, and ten years later, the economy of those country would rise, and that of America would drop due to lack of Brain, and job market shrinks consequently. Silicon Valley woudl disappear from US and show up in india or China or Canada, wherever that cherish these who really creating value to the economy.

Most of the America economy trapstones say OPT makes American lose jobs, while OPT and its expansion doesn't really hurt the job market.

One of the reassons is that OPT is only a limited time.Also,working opportunities that OPT covers are highly limited to higher educated careers.Students are fresh, maybe they are cheaper, they are also not that valuable.Companies are not stupid on their own benefit.

Moreover, The students would not necessarily choose to nor can stay after OPT. First, nowadays india and china and singapore are developing very fast and offering a lots of opportunities. Second, H1B policy makes that staying in America job market a totally lottery for most of the students. Hardly can we say US gives the equal and better career opportunities for talented ones as before.

Besides, Smart and hardworking Americans can always win job opportunities over international students not only because they have better communication and culture fit, but also is there strict laws for companies to hire US workers before hiring international students.American Workers' benefit are already under good protection. Companies only hire international student when they can not get suited Amercians. Even foreign companies in US hires US worker first to better localization. Companies are not stupid on their own benefits. America is a countire values equalities, but she is already unfair on this case. Hundreds of years ago, only the native Americans can say they are lacal, so only they have the right to say stop entering.

On the contrary, the existance of international students actually increases the job opportunities around universities and companies.In the short term, job opportunites in school offices, in DMV, in tourist site, in car companies, insurance companies and even hospitals woudl drop due to decrease of custommers. In other words, IF OPT is gone, one job opportunity might show up but ten may lost. Furthermore, for anyone who works, they pay taxes. How much tax USA gains from high tech workers and how less from low end workers? Also we need more young guys to work to cover the deficit of pension for the retired elders. And in the long term, as mentioned above, s.job market would shrink as economy drop.

Yes, the whole globe is experiencing a economy down time, and not only American suffer. Hight tech major students are the future force to startup new companies and create more job opportunities.Maybe there is competition on some small sector of job opportunites, but we are wise enough to weight both the cost and the benefit.

What makes America weak? True enemy of America are those who protect the lazy and weak, willing to sacrifice future long benefit for short comfort. If Americans choose to kill the chicken for the egg, they would only enjoy one meal, but starve later on.
In a nut shell, I strongly support improving and expanding of OPT program.
