Rosalie Calhoun I agree with those who DO NOT want to see Optional Practical Training (OPT) expanded. Companies don't want to hire Americans because they cost more, in the long run. So companies abuse {H-1B} and opt to hire cheap immobile labor instead of hiring anyone over the age of 35, especially in software or tech areas.

OPT is a de facto guest worker program through which employers hire more than 120,000 young college graduates per year who hold F-1 visas - but do not even guarantee that those foreign graduates are paid the minimum wage, let alone the prevailing wage. OPT will chase Americans out of computer science and create a self-fulfilling 'shortage' as Americans respond to a relatively better market as engineers in other fields.

OPT has an adverse effect on black Americans getting ahead. In 2002, 14.5% of black science and engineering majors chose computer science, versus 11.5% for all Americans. But by 2012, because of declining job prospects, the share of black science majors choosing computer science fell to 9.8%.

The next Albert Einstein or Sergei Brin might be sitting in an American classroom right now, but if that future innovator cannot get an entry-level job in high tech because employers prefer importing temporary workers, entrepreneurial innovations will not occur in the United States.

Not only does the DHS plan to expand OPT ensure that foreign-born graduates will be taking jobs that American college students desperately need, it also categorizes the foreign-born employees in such a way that exempts them from payroll taxes. How is that fair to Americans who must pay such taxes.

There are plenty of American workers with and without degrees who are qualified to fill STEM jobs in IT sectors. The USA should only allow foreign born tech workers when and if there is a true shortage of US tech workers. There is no such shortage so OPT must not be expanded. 

Encouraging foreign-born STEM graduates to spend more time in the U.S. has one major impact wage suppression in tech-related fields.

Like other employment-visa programs, OPT works to lower the wages and living standards of a growing portion of the middle class.
