Ming Feng Dear officers and citizens

Please let me state my statement very quickly.

I definitely support the OPT extension rule as an international student. Indeed, some citizens are against this rule for the reason that many nonimmigrants take away their jobs. Some citizens may think this rule may cause citizens lost their way to feed themselves and their families. I have to admit that this reason may be right from their point of view. Since there are too many talented non-citizens and many companies want to hire talented and excellent people without thinking. If I am a citizen, of course, I also may oppose this rule. But I still have to objectively comment this extension rule. After all, I am an international student.

I have three key reasons why I support this 24 months extension rule from my perspective. 

First, no matter what, OPT and CPT have become one of the most important reason why lots of students want to arrive USA to study, not just because USA has the best education level in the world. We all know that the tuitions in the USA colleges for non-citizens are very high, the majority of international students in fact are not wealthy. So many international student want to get a part-time or full-time job to relieve their economic pressures during their F1 period. And CPT and OPT exactly give them the precious opportunities to realize their value by trying a major related job. So that nearly 800000 international guys go to USA to be a college student per year. And I think these international students undoubtedly bring vitality to local economy. For examplethe banking benefitthe rental benefitthe service revenue benefitespecially the researching benefit that many researching institutes and colleges can get enough money from students tuitions and can be engaged in researching. Therefore, if the 24months extension rule goes into effect, I think more and more elites from the world will choose USA colleges as their studying destination. If not, from my own point of view, many international guys may want to choose another country for their future education and USA local economy may be affected more or less.

Second, some citizens say that the nonimmigrant has robbed their jobs. I do not agree, since the 24 extension months are only for the STEM majors. Like the CS and EE. But for many native people, they do not even know what is STEM and just say the international guys robbed our jobs. In my opinion, yes it is indeed USA native Jobs, but if not enough native guys want to focus on these majors and many companies also try to attract many talented people in these majors, why can we not try to find a part time or full time jobs associated with these STEM majors. To be honest, these stem majors are all very very hard. Many native students are not interested in these stem majors. This condition makes all USA colleges try their best to attract native students to study the stem majors and also give lots of offers to the international students. In addition, so many companies associated with the stem majors are all in dire need of talented students who are the stem major students. Because these companies all need creativity and that is the reason why they keep on hiring more and more young or experienced guys. Even the market associated with the stem majors is very big, the real talents guys are still very rare. If the 24 months rule is not passed. I personally think that it may bring a big pressure to the market of high-tech.

Third, the last reason may be a little grandiose and no practical significance for someone, but I have to say. some native people just see us as nonimmigrants, some citizens even do not accept the immigrants, but I insist on thinking that one of the reason why USA is USA is that USA keep on encouraging many people to be excellent by unremitting effort, no matter where they from and who they are. Some citizens oppose the new rule, and that may means they deny the unremitting effort spirit, they even can't tolerate other guys who are excellent and deny them only by the reason they are foreigners. I think the USA gov will make a correct decision at last. So I am confidence with the passing of the STEM extension rule.
