Daniel Chao I'm an international student who is now studying in U.S.
I'm not plan to stay in U.S. but I would like to support extending the STEM opt time for F-1 nonimmigrant students.

Most people think the opt students will take the American's jobs, because these students always accept a lower payment,and make companies like hiring these students. 
Well, this is not the problem of opt. It's the respect for the citizens of U.S. I think the people who not agree with this rule also agree:
a foreigner should not pay as much as U.S citizens, because the U.S citizens are smarter.
Why not a smarter people can't get a higher payment?

2. If you think maybe some jobs don't require candidates too smart. 
But the question is: we are talking about the STEM students. 
Most STEM students are from U.S. because only the smart Americans can have best performances in these majors which need students have more logical thinking. 

Very few international students want to choose these majors, and if they can get a higher grander, I think U.S should agree with these people because they may be the talented people who is wanted by this country. 

Remember a strongest country means it can absorb the genius from all around the world. 

3. America is belonged to Americans. This is true.
Extending opt will not make this great country to be a big party of immigration.

There are nearly 300,000 STEM intentional students who studying in US right now. 
There about 100,000 graduates are foreigners, and 50% of them ( which number is 50000 )want to find a job in US.

Comparing the total number of labors which required STEM background :8,950,000. There are only 0.55 percent labors are foreigners, and 0.03 percent of total workforce. 

Why these 0.03% people will make America are not Americans if you extending their opt?
It's too preposterous.

(Data source:
http://www.dlt.ri.gov/lmi/laus/us/usadj.htm
http://dpeaflcio.org/programs-publications/issue-fact-sheets/the-stem-workforce-an-occupational-overview/)

