Lijun L I graduated from a US institution with a STEM major and was a former OPT beneficiary. Rolling back on the OPT policy will be a bad idea based on my humble opinions. 

1. US prospers for reasons, with immigration being one of them. For US, it is not a coincidence of witnessing the post-WW2 dominance and a large influx of educated immigrants at the same time. With technology leading as one of the most important thrusts of today's economy, US-trained STEM students should be sources of treasure instead of plague. While immigration is a highly politicized subject nowadays, DHS steps in the right direction of maximizing societal benefits for US with enhanced regulation and less operational friction. To address the concerns in some opposing comments, DHS' proposal does not simply open a floodgate. Instead, it regulates the qualification and asserts the safeguards for U.S. workers in related fields (Part III-B). Rolling back on OPT policy may or may not fail US technology industry, but it will cut the edge of US over the rest of the world. US no longer lavishly enjoys this edge as in post-WW2 times, and most of today's F-1 students do not come to pave railroads because of prevailing famine in their home countries. With more choices in the emerging economies like China and India, it is not an overstatement that any cutback in STEM related immigration policy can be a potential onset of talent exodus. 

2. As a renowned American journalist Henry Hazlitt once pointed out, the confusion arises when people look merely at the immediate effects but not the longer effects of any act or policy, and/or trace the consequences of that policy merely for one group but not for all groups. The nature of technology industry is not to play a zero-sum game. The right way to have a better lunch in this field is not to get the whole of a half-sized pizza, but to grow the full-sized pizza by four times and slice out a quarter of it. OPT extension will lead to regulated competition in technology job market, and we compete to thrive with talents all over the world. The consequence of revoking OPT will benefit a small group in short-term, but it will also decrease the pizza size. The long-term aftermath will put the whole economy on the stake which affects everyone in this country.

3. OPT policy can be expensive to fight if it becomes even more politicized. Eligible OPT beneficiaries only occupy a tiny percentage in the whole immigration population (Part VI-2 Table 1), which may make them politically vulnerable. But losing it for various reasons will be costly as stated above. Surely, there are problems about jobs, and people have legit concerns. Rational discussions in terms of education and others are needs, instead of reversing a healthy OPT reform as a collateral damage.
