Ravikishore Kommajosyula, Massachusetts Institute of Technology 10 November 2015

The Honorable Jeh Johnson 
Secretary of Homeland Security 
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I am an international student in the PhD program in Computational Science and Engineering at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). 42% of MIT graduate students are international students and a vast majority of those are in the United States on F-1 visas. I will be strongly affected by the Proposed Rule. 

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. Im particularly excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months. I am planning to use OPT after graduation to gain practical knowledge in my field of study to gain skills that can be learnt only in the workplace.
OPT and OPT extension is important to me because I pursue a field of study where experience in the industry is key to learn further to what we do in the University in my field of study.

I am very concerned with the possibility that my STEM OPT Extension might be disrupted by recent court actions, upcoming court actions, and delays in this rulemaking process. I commend DHS for working quickly to prepare this new Proposed Rule. 

In addition to the proposed changes, I suggest the DHS to look into the possibility of taking a tiered approach to different universities: students from the best universities such as MIT, Stanford, CalTech, Harvard etc. are amongst the best in the country and create impact and add value to the economy in their careers. Incentivizing them by providing a prioritized processing of OPT and H1-B visas would further encourage them to contribute more to the society.

I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to F-1 students.

Best regards,

Ravikishore Kommajosyula
Massachusetts Institute of Technology
Department of Mechanical Engineering
