Haoran Ke The philosophy of OPT (Optional Practical Training) is offering the education through training in reality. The OPT offers international students opportunities to master knowledge they learned from school. It significantly benefits international student no matter where they begin their career in the future. Different from Humanities, STEM students will gain better understanding through their training. People should take OPT as a part of education for international students rather than jobs. Generally, STEM relevant training programs will run from 24 to 36 months. Students are able to gain better understanding of their knowledge by completing entire training programs. The standard OPT is unable to allow international students complete the entire program. For students, they lose opportunities to complete the whole education program if they do not have extended OPT. For the organizations where students study, they have to increase the cost to find new people to complete the program and invest more in new coming student if the OPT cannot be extended. As a part of American advanced education, OPT offers students to complete their program better, which is compatible to the philosophy of America: Pragmatism.
Since extended OPT significantly improve the quality of American advanced level education, it is attractive to international students. International students spend over 26.8 billion dollars in the United States in 2014. It means that international students have been contributing to Economy of the United States. The regular OPT significantly diminishes the attraction of American education to international students. Canada, the United Kingdom and even Hong Kong are offering better opportunities to international students in similar program like OPT. Hong Kong and Canada even offer better opportunities to international students with easier immigrant processes. Anti-immigrant organizations must realize the philosophy of extended OPT is not standard job. It is a part of education which offers STEM international students to complete their education and learn better. The extended OPT makes American education more attractive to international students than other countries. If the extended OPT is cancelled, the quality of American advanced level education will decrease to international students. It also diminishes the attraction to STEM international students. It may lead less international students choose America as their destination. The potential damage is the United States loss partial economic benefits from international students. 
STEM international students need extended OPT for education not for taking jobs from Americans. International students with experiences are more competitive when returning to their home countries; therefore, OPT extension is increasing the quality and attraction of American advanced level education. Maintaining the quality and attraction of American education can keep the contribution from international students to American economy. In a word, America needs OPT extension.
