Sophie Wu This is my second comment on this proposed rule. I would like to give more details on why I am supporting this proposed rule. 

First, I question the rationality behind the statement of "because of the OPT regulations, foreign STEM workers are replacing American STEM workers". Following are my reasons:
1. According to myvisajob.com, plenty of H1B workers (especially in the STEM field) were directly hired from schools outside of U.S. They did not even get their education in the U.S. They have nothing to do with this OPT rules. The only interpretation of this phenomenon is: Companies would never be satisfied with candidates in the U.S. job market. They will always find their way to seek for the best candidate for a position in a global scale. Limiting educated, skilled and legal workers is not THE WAY to providing more job opportunities for U.S. citizens. 
2. The OPT rule has been one of the attractions for many international students to come to the U.S. for education. In November, 2014, the U.S. government recorded 900,000 international students in the U.S. Most foreign students are paying TRIPLE or EVEN FOUR or FIVE TIMES for tuition compared to U.S. citizens. For foreign students, almost 100% of undergrads are paying full tuition at international student rate without any form of financial supports from U.S. sources; for international grad students, their tuition are even higher than undergrads'. Additionally, most international students are from middle class family and wealthy family. Foreign students' contribution to the U.S. economy does not only reflect on their tuition, but also includes all their spending within the U.S. Not to mention they bring tourists to the U.S. (Their friends and family). The implicit economical benefit from international students is uncountable. The OPT rule is always an advantage for the U.S. to attract international students, who have been contributing to the U.S. economy tremendously. 

The most important reason of me supporting the new regulation on OPT is: Foreign students are not taking jobs away from Americans; in fact, they are creating jobs for Americans. Improving regulations and laws to allow well-educated, highly skilled and qualified foreign to legal work in the U.S. is eventually beneficial for every U.S. citizens. 

1. There are a lot of jobs continue to be created in all industries, because of the large amount of international students study in the U.S. This proposed rule is an advantage for the U.S. education industry to expand the foreign market. It directly creates jobs in the education industry and indirectly creates jobs in all other industries. 
2. There are many foreign students use their OPT time to work for startup companies or begin their own businesses(I personally know at least ten businesses were created by international students). They are the people who creates jobs for the U.S.

Another important fact: not every foreign student is using OPT. The proposed rule for OPT is only giving foreign students a chance to legally have occupational training in the U.S. It is a personal decision of a student to use it or not. Do not forget, even with the OPT rule, american students are still on the upper hand in the job market, compared to international students. On top of the tied job market, foreign students need to deal with culture shock, language barrier and even discrimination. Majority of companies are not providing H1B, so they tend to not consider international employees at all. In each year, the foreign students get authorized to stay and work in the U.S. is not even half of the amount coming.
