Reekta Shah The Honorable Jeh Johnson
Secretary of Homeland Security
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rule-making (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Non-immigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I am a graduate international student from Southern New Hampshire University. 30% of SNHU graduate students are international students and a vast majority of those are in the United States on F-1 visas. I will be strongly affected by the Proposed Rule of the STEM OPT.

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. I'm particularly excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months. I am glad that due to this work authorization, I am getting an opportunity to get myself work on the studies that I have learnt at my school where I pursued my masters from. I am right now working on software development, enterprise data warehouse, database development by using custom TSQL queries, SSIS and SSRS. OPT and OPT extension is important to me because I am getting immense learning and I along with my company both are getting benefited from this. I am working with Bank of America and managing their database in one of their divisions in Charlotte, NC. The rule if initiated will benefit me gain overall exposure to the database IT world and give me immense opportunity to work globally. The company has appreciated my work and wishes to retain me here.

I am very concerned with the possibility that the STEM OPT Extension might be disrupted by recent court actions, upcoming court actions, and delays in this rule-making process. I commend DHS for working quickly to prepare this new Proposed Rule.

I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to F-1 students.

Best regards,
Reekta Shah
Southern New Hampshire University
[Ms. in Computer and Information Sciences]
