Hari Kiran Vuyyuru, Paypal I strongly support the expanding of training opportunities for f1 non immigrant students.

Firstly foreign students bring in lot of revenue to the US universities but their most important contribution to the US economy is the knowledge of customers around the world thus helping american companies in building products with international out reach.

Approximately 60% of the world's top universities in STEM courses are in US.This helps in USA attracting best talent across the world to USA (percentage of international students vs natives pursuing the masters degree in STEM course in TOP 10 universities in any major might be a good indicator for this). If these students were provided with employment opportunity here, US will gain from taxes and the jobs that are created in services industries .If not , most of these f1 students will be employed by the companies in their subsidiaries around the world resulting in loss of tax and the indirect job creation.Also, this talent pool generates new ideas and starts up new companies thus providing lot of employment opportunities for natives . Number of companies that are started by foreign students graduated with stem degree in silicon valley is a great example of the positive impact of foreign students to the USA economy.

I also reject the view that companies are hiring f1 students because they are cheaper to hire than natives. If a company hires an international student it will try to sponsor the h1b for student which requires around 6 thousand dollars in visa and legal fees. Also, it will be uncertain whether or not the international student will be able to work in this country for the company, so It is always beneficial for organizations to hire natives than internationals. That is the reason why most of the companies doesn't hire internationals. Also, most high paying companies such as google and facebook have very high percentage of internationals thus rejecting the view that companies hire f1 students as they are cheaper to hire.

I sincerely request DHS to enforce strict measures to ensure that no US citizen is being displaced by f1 visa holder just because of any salary difference and crack down on the few IT consultants who hire international students for less.A very few rare cases of the f1 opt program misuse should not be generalized and be used against all the international students.

The positive impact of f1 opt extention program on US Economy is much more than negatives it might have. And the new measures proposed by DHS If implemented will make sure that there is no negative impact to any US citizens

