Yuejun Li I support this proposed rule since it benefits the country, employers, and colleges.

First of all, the extension of OPT for F-1 nonimmigrant students will encourage the domestic consumption, and then can push the GDP growth. More specifically, more and more international students are studying abroad, and they will consume on food, cloths, rent, cars, tourist and entertainment, all kinds of daily need, which is a significant amount. Also, the spend on books, class, certificate and exams will also be part of the consumption growth. From individual demand, it will affect the whole aggregate demand, which will result in more jobs. As a fact, international student made a contribution of 27 billion dollar on consumption in United States, and created 340 thousand job positions last year. From this, we can see that making the training period longer will keep increasing these numbers. It is good for decreasing the unemployment rate, especially during this recover time after the depression. A lot of people will think that this will make the chance of American citizen finding a job go down. Actually it will not because the extension only applies on students who are in science, technology, engineering and math majors, and related job positions have shortage these years. In addition, number of jobs in these industries will have a boom in the near future. As a result, it will provide high quality labor to solve the shortage. Further more, once people in these fields have jobs, they can create more opportunities for unemployed people with blue-collar and veteran background in order to help the society. Especially for graduated students, they may work together to get some startups going, with the extension, they have more time to do research and project, help development and provide more employment opportunity. Also, it will not have a huge impact on immigration because the limit of H1B working visa does not change.

It will also help the employer because local graduates in United States cannot meet the demand of STEM related workforce. With the economics is recovering, companies need more people doing these high technology jobs. Also, these kind of jobs need time to do preparation, and longer time could help good idea and plan come out, and let students to get familiar with the industry. Also, if someone needs to leave during the important time, it will be a big loss for the team and company. That also means companies have to recruit new people, which increases the operation cost, and slow down the development of business since every time you need to spend money and time on training. So the extension can help employers to make more profits. The reason why United States strong is that it has cultural diversity. With this, various culture works together and generates creative ideas, which will allow individual think and act in a way as a global citizen. This will help them to identify the global problem and make the world better.

In addition, it helps the schools because of the high tuition for international students. And it will also improve the academical level as more people could have time to do related research. 

Overall, this proposed rule should be agreed. From all the perspectives, it will help.

