Qi Zhang This rule needs to be approved without any question. 

As an international student for the past a few years, I'm in my 17-month opt extension status right now. It has only a few months left for my legal work authorization period. However, my major related industry is not so good as 10 years ago, which means if I didn't have the opt and opt extension period allowed just because the companies would not sponsor the H1B visa directly, I couldn't get a job offer for my advanced STEM major for a Ph.D degree. This is harmful for USA's science development for leading among the world.

Additionally, the U.S. work authorization program is literally broken. Tens of thousands of students studied in US suffer from the broken H1b system - out of the 65000 quota every year, half of them were taken by one to three Indian consulting companies! They have abused the H1b system to bring a large amount of people with no advanced degees in US to be on bench waiting for projects and consuming training resources in US before they can actually work. Many of them filed multiple cases using mutiple companies (even 7-8) to participate the H1b lottery! This has significantly reduced the chance for a student studying in US to get picked in the H1b lottery (total is only 58000 out of 233000). Given the abuse by these outsourcing or consulting companies, the chance for a student completing a degree in US is unbelievably low!!

The fix to the H1b system is necessary with no doubt! Unfortunately, there won't be any solution in a short term due to the slow legislation. This new ruling is effective to provide students in US the fair right to work for US companies without any interruption in their practical training or high pressure about work authorization issue. The objection by Washington tech workers ally should be towards the broken H1b system- which has brought a lot of Indian "technicians" into US to consume the training resources in US and directly compete with graduates from US universities. The negative comments are simply pointing to a wrong group!! Students that have completed studies in US need to be protected rather than be blamed, to improve the quality of US productive power. 

There are tens of thousands of US graduates awaiting this new rule to be approved! If this is not approved, it will be a loss to everyone in US: foreign graduates, US citizens and US companies! Who will celebrate? The large proportion of "machine-like" technicians shipped from India and need to be trained before they could compete with anyone that have already completed advanced degrees in US!
Please approve this new OPT extension ruling!!
