Fredrick Stout I support this rule because it will benefit foreign students and the American education industry and economy as a whole.

Foreign students will benefit because it will give them an opportunity to apply the knowledge they have gained during their studies. Three years is a reasonable period because we can expect students to learn the ropes of their profession during the 1st year, then, as a mechanism to compensate employers for participating in this program, allow them to participate in meaningful projects for the next two years. Indeed, calls to extend the program duration are not unfounded because some industries e.g. pharmaceutical have long Research and Development (R&D) cycles and it is to the benefit of both the student and company for the same student to be involved in the entire R&D cycle.

The American education industry will benefit because this program will help persuade foreign students to pursue higher education in America. The fact of the matter is that the top universities in Canada and UK are just as good as the top universities in the US. However, none of these countries have a program similar to OPT. As such, foreign students who are undecided between pursuing an enginerring degree at MIT or Imperial College London will likely choose the former as it offers these students an opportunity to apply the knowledge they have learned without too much bureaucratic hassle. The fact that they can use the income they earned from their job to pay off their student debt is merely icing on the cake.

The benefit to the American economy as a whole is a little bit harder to see. I would argue that the American economy will benefit from this program due to its potential to attract students who may turn out to be superstars in their field of study and go on to produce novel inventions or build large multinational corporations, thus raising the standard of living and creating jobs for Americans. For example, if Americans were hostile to foreign workers, then people like Andrew Ng, Sebastian Thrun, Sergey Brin and Satya Nadella will certainly eschew migrating here.

Let me conclude my comment by offering a rebuttal to the common reasons cited in opposition to this rule:

1.OPT is a backdoor to H1B

I am not familiar with the intent and mechanics of the H1B visa program. However, I do find the actions of Disney and Edison with regards to their decision to replace their American workers with cheaper foreign workers on H1B visas deplorable. Nevertheless, I think discussing how OPT affects H1B visas is misguided because OPT should be judged on its ability to effectively and efficiently provide an opportunity for foreign students to apply the knowledge they have gained in their field of study.

2.OPT will displace American STEM workers

Assuming effective regulation and oversight, it is hard to see why an American company will prefer to hire F-1 students/graduates over local American graduates (too much paperwork). 

It is imperative that procedures and policies are to put in place to prevent businesses from exploiting workers in the OPT program. For example, an oft cited reason that employers prefer OPT workers is that they are able to pay these workers below the 'prevailing wage'. To remedy this situation, I propose that the 'prevailing wage' be determined by taking into account the supply of American workers and expected number foreign workers and be offered to any applicant. That way, this will prevent companies from favouring OPT workers solely for financial reasons. People need to realise that simply being an American in possession of a STEM degree does not entitle you to a job. Work ethic, soft skills, work experience and leadership skills are some of the significant factors that determine a candidate's suitability to a particular job. 

Another common gripe against this program is that people in this program do not have to pay Social Security and Medicare. This is not entirely true because students who are resident aliens for tax purposes do have to pay Social Security and Medicare taxes! The fact that most OPT workers do not pay these taxes is due to them not being in the US long enough to qualify as a resident alien. If the general public finds this situation abhorrent, then a tax reform is needed. To shut down the OPT program on this basis is misguided.
