I strongly support the proposal for the following reasons:

First, OPT extension is helpful to education industry. I graduated from a great university in USA after I complete my bachelor degree in China. When I decide to study aboard for master degree, USA education is most attractive. One of the reasons is because of OPT STEM program. For STEM major, it is more important to work what you learned. OPT STEM program will provide more change for international student to contribute to USA. Based on this benefit, I choose to come to USA. Currently, students pay more attention on the work opportunity when they decide to choose where to study. Without STEM program, few and few international students will come to USA. We all know international students take account significant weight within those majors. Without huge students source from USA, American education industry will suffer a lot, as well as the local economy. 

Second, OPT STEM is critical for high tech company. STEM program is focus on the science, technology, engineering and math major, which is required by high tech company. Those companies, like Apple, google, Uber etc, contribute huge job and economy to USA. And competitive high tech company is makes what USA looks today. For those companies, it is difficult for them to find the perfect one without training them for a while. Under STEM those company trained graduated students to make contribution to company and society. Since the students under OPT STEM are just graduated, they received the most up to date knowledge and open to any new information. The solid knowledge based and open mind is critical for high tech company to make the progress. 

Finally, OPT STEM is helpful for health USA employee market. Based on my working experience, most Americans do not like the analysis work. However, it is more important in the current era. Data year is already around. Large companies seek talents with science major as desperate. However, most Americans could not fill in