I strongly support OPT stem policy. Many reasons for opposing this policy is because of the minimum wage and the job competition with the US citizens. All these reasons are not supported by the following facts.

International students have nearly nothing to do with the minimum wage. Almost all international students obtain their OPT in order to get an H1B visa, which requires the worker to meet a minimum salary standard that is far higher than the minimum wage level. For example, the minimum hourly pay standard for H1b holder is $24.16 in Albany, NY, and NY state has a minimum wage limit of $9.00. But these two has no relationship with each other. In fact, an international student needs about 3 times the salary of the minimum pay to stay in the US, and the payment is usually far higher than this because they usually work on comparatively rewarding positions like software engineer/developer.

What's more, even with the OPT stem program. The citizens still much more preferable than international students. The company has to pay a lot for student to get H1B visa for continued hired and take the risk for H1B lottery. Almost all the company will only consider international students for the positions that require the skills which is hard to find a citizen candidate. The international students in STEM are really fill the gap between the lacking of Stem skill sets and the company need in US. It's already far more harder for international students to find a job. It's not a fair competition between citizens and OPT Stem students. If a OPT stem students got hired, the reason is because it is really hard to find a citizen with the required skill set. And yes, here is a competition. But the reason for some citizens can not find a job is because of the lacking of skill required, not because of STEP OPT. Without, this, those citizen still won't meet company's requirements.If they meet the requirements, then company still prefer citizen because of the cost. If the citizen failed, i