
I am writing to strongly support the new rule of STEM OPT extension.

First of all, the invalidation of STEM OPT extension would cause more than 30,000 F1 students having to return to their own countries. It will cause unpredictable loss to related industries during a short period of time. Taking the IT industry as an example, the high technology companies in Silicon Valley relies heavily on the expertise of their employees working under F1 visa, and a sudden termination of those employees working under OPT extension would certainly result in a stagnancy of related projects and researches. 

Secondly, the new extension rule would continue attract the best and most excellent international students to come and contribute to US. On the other hand, the invalidation of STEM OPT would harm the development of science and technology in United States, longterm-wisely. Over the past few decades, the fast development of technology-intensive industries at United States would not happen without the contribution of excellent international engineers and scientists. The outflow of these high intelligence people is not only a waste of the educational input that US has already paid, but is also a negative signal to future international applicants. Without the attraction of potential working opportunities, international students would rather choose to attend graduate school in Europe, Singapore, or other countries who can provide better working opportunities. 

Thirdly, the 24-month extension is extremely necessary. The project's period in research and development divisions in the industry usually lasts for more than 1 year. Taking the pharmaceutical industry I am working at now as an example, the drug development process usually takes 2 to 3 years to complete one phase of clinical trial. The completion of a project requires adequate period of time, and the new rule guarantees that the completion is possible. It is beneficial for the career development of international employees and 