As a landlord in a college area of Boston, I highly support the new OPT extension for STEM students.
I have four tenants who are from China and India recently told me about the new OPT extension. I think this is great thing not only for those foreign students, but also great for local economy. 

Those kids I have talked to (my tenants and their friends who mostly from their countries too) told me that the reason they came to states to pursue graduate level degree is the system can offer them OPT which can be used as a grand opportunity to gain some work experience and continue contributing to their fields. Most of my tenants are graduate students, they have told me the extension would allow them to have more time to do their research for some labs and companies they are applying for. From what I have learnt from those students, I know some of the projects from companies or schools usually requires a time span of 2 years. They are really worried that if they do not get the extension, some of their projects would have to be put in hiatus and they will not be able to get the experience they are supposed to obtain and put that on their resumes so that they will have more advantages when they go back to their home countries to seek jobs. And I know one of my tenants who is from China, he told me that he already landed a job from a company and he already started training program for 3 weeks. He showed a lot of concerns that if he cannot get the extension anymore, then he has to leave really soon and he will not be able to get much experience. Those students are really smart and they are elites in their fields. And the extension of the OPT really help contribute our country as what we are proud of and make our country stand out is our leading technologies. 

I remember I have heard one of my tenants told me that their friends back in China are considering apply for German engineering school since education in Germany is good and tuition cheaper. Also, the institute in Germ