Those against F-1 STEM extension do not understand this policy or have any reliable evidence. 

1. OPT students do not cost US taxpayers' money to study or work here. Before being admitted to any school, international students are required to have enough funds to cover all expenses during the stay, including mandatory healthcare insurance. Although some may receive merit-based scholarship, it is very limited and competitive, and citizens always have many more opportunities and options.

2. Most students are non-resident aliens, ineligible for social security benefits or Medicare available to citizens, it is nonsense to even start talking about loss of social security tax or Medicare trust funds. No tax is lost as this foreign population is not covered.

3. Ideally the job market is a level ground for anyone to compete, just like school admission or scholarship/fellowship awards. In principle, competence and quality of individual should be the only deciding factors. US is an immigration country and should make every effort to be friendly to international students as well as to improve the immigration system. For the very least, international students who received a STEM degree with excellence deserve a chance to complement academic study with adequate industry training and, at the same time, to contribute to the STEM sector of the US.

4. But in reality, citizens always have an edge over foreigners when seeking employment, because the vast majority of jobs require citizenship or green card. Foreign applicants are only eligible for a small fraction of the job market. Hiring foreign workers to work in the US is also more expensive than simply hiring qualified citizens. So there is really not much competition, contrary to popular belief.

5. OPT is a temporary training, like an internship, not a permanent job. If you are worried about Americans losing permanent or long-term jobs, then the OPT program is irrelevant. If you are worried about American students competing wi