I strongly support the new OPT extension rule. I think it will benefit not only international students but also Americans.

1. The new rule will make US educational institutes more attractive and benefit the local economy. Many international students who majored in STEM come to study in United States not only because of the excellent education qualities but also the good opportunities of practicing and working. Cancelling the OPT extension will definitely make US less attractive. Those students may go to study in other countries such as Canada, Australia, UK or Singapore. By contrast, if this new rule could pass, more international students would like to choose US as their first choice for further education. The growth in international students coming to the U.S. for higher education would have a significant positive economic impact on the United States. It would contribute to the local economic growth and bring more job opportunities in the local communities. It is reported that, international students and their families at universities and colleges supported 340,000 jobs contributed more than $27 billion to the U.S. economy, according to the U.S. Department of Commerce. The tuition and fees from international students will also help to meet the deficit of US universities.

2. The new rule will benefit high tech companies especially start-up companies. STEM innovation, a key driver of national economic growth, has increased significantly the global demand for STEM talent. International STEM students contributes through research, innovation, and the provision of knowledge and skills that help maintain and grow increasingly important sectors of the U.S. economy. The OPT extension will help to meet the increasing demand for STEM workers. According to a report by the Information Technology & Innovation Foundation in 2010, the number of STEM graduates will have to increase by 20-30% by 2016 to meet the projected growth of the US economy. Overall, STEM employment grew th