I strongly support Opt extension for 24 months and benefits from it are as clear as the sun at noonday.

Firstly, the States' extreme dependence on high-tech industries creates constantly increasing demands for Stem graduates in almost every field, which the local students are unwilling to involve themselves in. If Opt extension is invalid, it will absolutely be a disaster to high-tech industries as they will always be in urgent need of skilled engineers and in constant search for greenhands every year, in which case many high-tech companies in the States may be paralyzed sooner or later.

Secondly, the States has long been and is still taking the lead worldwide in high technology, such as the first computer, the first space walk, the highly developed networks, the top smart phones and even the Hollywood blockbusters. Behind the scene stand generations of unknown and selflessly dedicated international Stem graduates, without whose efforts and sacrifice the federal economy depending heavily on high technology may collapse. From what has been achieved in the past 50 years in the States, international stem graduates have created and are still creating great wealth, thus providing the federal government a guarantee that all the citizens can get enough funds to cover insurance, medical care, housing and other daily necessities.

Lastly, the States has long emphasizing the importance of talent reserve and cultivation project, in which millions of dollars are invested to bring out numbers of international masters and PhDs. Therefore, the best reward is to attract them to stay and apply what they have learned to serving the States. Actually, it may take three to five years or even longer for a green hand to be a great skilled engineer . Consequently, only through Opt extension for 24 months or even longer will the States witness great talents in high technology. 

Most important of all, those international stem graduates choose to stay and work for the States because they a