I heavily SUPPORT this proposed rule of OPT extension. As an international student in STEM field, choosing US as my primary choice for further my education is its policy of OPT and OPT extension. 
I am involved in a demanding project which need more than a year to complete, therefore OPT extension is 
indispensable for students like me to pursuit a deeper academic understanding. 

I was involved in a biomedical research internship during this summer using a CPT, which is only 3 months. It turns out that the project requires a lot of time investment and 3 months is not enough for me to complete these whole project. I did find many interesting discovery but had to stop due to time limitation. Otherwise I can further explore this study and make more significant discovery. Most researchers in my group are not native American and they all have brilliant minds and give me valuable advices in doing research.

Some people just misunderstood the goal of this proposed rule. There is no reason to say that OPT extension is eliminating job opportunities for the native American. F-1 students are seeking for ACADEMIC TRAINING for self-development, not the job opportunities intended for native American. Most students involved in these STEM projects are overseas students and they show remarkable talents in these fields. I believe every student regardless of nationality should have equal chance to gain real-world experiences of turn their theoretical knowledge into practices, which might be a long term process. During this, students can bring inestimable benefit to high-tech economy of US. As US is a country of justice and fairness, it is not reasonable to say we must give priority to the native American to have these chances. Most high-tech positions are technology intensive and not open to every one. Only the most capable candidates can gain these opportunities. 

If OPT extension could not be enforced, US would become less attractive to the brilliant oversea students. They may cho