Dear Mr. Johnson:

I support expanding the OPT program for students with a STEM degree. America invested in these brilliant young people and America should allow these america-educated students to use their expertise for helping American businesses and American future. 

In the recent years, most of new technologies were invented by new immigrants and America needs more talented scientists, engineers and other researchers who can keep the momentum of innovation. Innovation ensures the future of America, and the best way of keeping this momentum is having america educated students with STEM degrees. 

My own story can be an example: I had my PhD degree in 2011 from University of California at Riverside, and I used my 12 month plus 17 months STEM OPT extension for researching in my company which is American company, and later on I received my O1-A visa as outstanding researchers with extraordinary ability because of my research results during the 17 month STEM OPT extension. Recently, I had several patents on network security and protection being filed for the company from my recent years of research results, and they are all american intelligent properties. All of these start with these extended 17 months of STEM OPT, which allow me to stay in U.S. for my research work. This is just an example from myself, and I believe there are many many other successful examples like this, because of the 17 months of STEM OPT. These 17 months time provides us opportunities of continuing the research and keep the momentum of innovation for the U.S.

If we can have longer STEM OPT extension, it would help we STEM students more for fighting against the limit of H1B lottery, and would allow more time for research without worrying about the H1B visa and other visa document issues.

I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to F-1 students.

Regards,
H