Dear Sir/Madam,

I do support the extension of OPT for STEM students. Not only does it provides great opportunity for STEM students, but also enhances and accelerates the development of US companies, enterprises and even the society. It is very important and wise to implement the OPT extension policy. Here are the significant reasons.

First, after F-1 non-immigrant students achieved their degrees in STEM majors, they mastered a lot of advanced knowledge and technology, and they have full passion to embrace this beautiful society and endeavor to prove their capability. Especially for those students who have already gotten a job in the first OPT period, they have contributed their time and effort for the careers they just began. They need more time to complete their projects and make them beautiful for those companies and enterprises. Without the OPT extension for more years, they won't have enough time to achieve their dream careers. The most important thing is, if a company knows that an employ can only work for 1 year or even shorter period, how can they accept those people at the very beginning? Science and technology to promote the development of society, and precisely F-1 non-immigrant students in STEM majors also take part in the progress.

Furthermore, STEM OPT extension also shows super benefits for US companies and enterprises, because they will have more choices to select the best students for their own. This is also a kind of method for sustainable economic increasing. For colleges and universities, they can attract more good students, bases on this good policy. As far as I know, some countries have already implemented similar policy which allow foreign STEM students to train and work in local company for around 3 years. 

In addition, I do believe that American Laws provide Equality and Freedom for everyone, so that each of those talented STEM students should be considered as equal as local students since they also pay the same or more contributions.

Pl