The " Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and CapGap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students" is good for the U.S.

First of all, most new grad STEM student, doing their first job is very hard. Those jobs are the lowest level in the industry, and most of citizens do not like to do those jobs, but the industry needs someone to do those. It is perfect to give those hard job to STEM new grad student. Their goal is not making money. Their purpose is to get experience of industry. After they finish their OPT time, they will leave the U.S. and come back to their county. For example, like in IT industry, the new grad student's job is to write documentation, which is the most heavy work in a tech company. Heavy workload and less payment. And those documentations are very import to the company and the whole industry. Those documentation job takes almost 30% in daily job assignment. For U.S. citizens, you do not need to doing those heavy jobs, what is your job is to take higher level job than this, which can make more values for the company. STEM student's job is foundation, the other's people job is making values.

Secondly, this rule's infection is more than that. For most STEM student, they have done the foundation works in the industry, the high level of economic can run healthy. As we all know that, the modern economy is an eco-system. Every detail can make infect on other industry. To make the whole economy system run healthy, we have to make sure every detail on this cycle is good. If the STEM student do not have OPT extension any more, for most industries, they will have a very serious problem which is lacking of entry level staff who doing the heavy job. This is like build a skyscraper. STEM student is like the foundation for the skyscraper. Without a good base foundation, the skyscraper can not build more than maybe 3 flours. If we want to get more higher, we have to work together. It is a win-win solution.

Af