OPT extension policy would definitely bring positive aspects to our country.
1. For students, they must study hard, learn knowledge and own useful skills to obtain a decent job in the fierce competition. US has very large market and job positions. But before the coming of OPT extension, it is so easy for local students to find a job so that they do not need to have foundation of necessary skills and knowledge. But today, every student should study very hard and a good foundation to have an offer from great company. 

2. For companies, with OPT extension policy, they could recruit more excellent students. If one international student is smart enough, work very hard and could bring much more revenue for the company, it is beneficial to let them in. 

3. For whole country, OPT extension policy could help attract world best people to US. Without policy of OPT extension, the advantage of studying in US would pale when comparing to other EURO countries. Many european countries also could provide world top level education with less tuition and expense. What makes US education different is that we have better policy - OPT and extension. If extension policy is abandoned, many excellent international students, researchers and scholar would return to their own country. Why would we give other countries the opportunity to surpass US. If we want US continue to be rich and powerful, we must have top level companies. If US companies want to develop and make great fortune, they must recruit best people, whether they are local or foreign. Best engineer could implement some models and products efficiently. Best finance analyst could calculate the finance data more accurately. If foreigners could bring more revenue to the company, pay more tax to government, why would we expel them? 

So it makes no sense to abandon OPT extension policy. And 12 month OPT is very short for international students. If we really want international students to make greater contribution to America, we shoul