I strongly support the STEM OPT extension with all my effort! 

Voices from people are always be respected since the "The House of Burgesses". I know my voice will be heard, and my opinions can be reviewed as well. 

As a Ph.D. student in nano manufacturing area, I really appreciate that U.S. government can provide me this opportunity to let me come to this amazing land and begin my academic pursuit. Along with enjoying the process of developing cutting-edge technology, I am also considering about finding a job here. The constrain of my identity as a international student is already a strong barrier in the job market. It will demonstrate my value as an engineer if I got a job after competing with so many other merit students no matter they are US citizen or foreigners. Please Image the following situation: after one year, I have already sophisticatedly work in the company hired me. Because of the OPT limitations, I can only lottery for H1-B visa once and unfortunately I do not get it. What does this mean to the company who strongly need a specialist in this area like me? My work will be suspended and they have to looking for another skilled person to substitute my place. It hurts the company since the work can not be progressed in a continuous way, let alone the difficulty of searching a suitable person. What this mean to me? After I contributed for research of U.S. for 5years, I am not allowed to work in U.S. longer than one year except I got lucky? 

You may ask me why not just find a U.S. citizen who can also do the similar job as I do. The answer is quite straightforward. Few of local students have the skills that can acquire in the process of pursuit of M.S. degree or Ph.D. degree. I did not make it up. National Foundation for American Policy (NFAP) argues that "foreign students make up the majority of enrollments in U.S. graduate programs in many STEM fields, accounting for 70.3 percent of all full-time graduate students in electrical engineering, 63.2 percent