I STRONGLY SUPPORT this new opt extension for STEM student.

First, I think this new extension will be a great stimulation for American education, especially for the graduated study. Nowadays, people suffer from the identification limitation to work in USA on many aspects, and most of the student would like to practice what they learned in real society after their university study. So it is very important to have such an OPT period now to help them get through, the future university applicants will also took this aspect into seriously consideration when they decided whether apply for the universities in USA. So revoking the extension of opt will lead to decrease the enthusiasm and expectation of the potential students who want to study here in future. Then it will sequentially damage the education environment in USA and less academic and economic contribution for the society. It is no doubt that the United States is an immigration country. Foreign workers, researchers, students are making great contribution in many aspects, if they are less interested in seeking education here and later make their contribution here, it would be a longtime and fundamental hazard for the sustainable growth for the society of United States.

I saw some of the objections mentioned STEM extension do harm to the job opportunity for natives. Honestly when it comes to the STEM area, such point of view is RIDICULOUS. Since the initial purpose of making the OPT extension is to make up the gap between the huge demand and limited worker supply in those job areas. That is to say, given that opt-time made the international students work here, there are still tons of positions for native people to fill in and lots of opportunity to work in those areas. Moreover, International employees not only reduce the available size of job market, but also expend it. They help the high tech company with their hard working and their intelligence, in return this vivid environment generate more big companies, mor