There was a country which was the most powerful in the world. It is so powerful that surrounding countries paid it goods to maintain a friendly and peaceful relationship. And many countries send their citizens to learn technology from it. It was the biggest export country in the world. Silk, tea, and ceramics from that country were fully welcomed by other countries, epically the upper level people. One day, the governor made a decision to close the country and expel foreigners. The governor thought the country didnt need foreigners. Everyone could have his job. Smart people became government officials and business men. Skilled people hold their own studio and made goods to earn their life. More average people can grab a part of field and grow corps or feed livestock. It seems the country works well. The dream was broken hundreds years letter. British people with their guns and artillery opened the gate to the country. In the following hundreds years, the country lost a lot and the people were treated as slaves by foreign countries. The country is called ancient China. What China paid for the decision? Hundreds of millions kilograms of silver. Half of the land was colonized by varies countries. Arts were robbed and destroyed by foreigners. China also missed two industrial revolutions and lose its international reputation.

The people who want foreigner to leave the US and leave the job to US citizens, this will be what happen in the future if your words becomes true. Your wish will not guarantee your children and grandchildren to have job. It is just putting the US on the way that China went through.

I high agree with DHSs proposal. It is the good way to keep the US continue leading the world. In fact, only a small number of elite among those foreign students can stay in the US because no company want to pay a person who cannot finish its work well, though it is cheap to hire those people. But the student who is capable to apply STEM extension is not cheaper than a 