I think OPT extension is really reasonable, necessary and importantnot only for international studentsbut also for a lot fields of United States, including education, economics, technology as well as residents. 

First, the policy of OPT and its extension attracts more international students to choose U.S. for further education. I am a international student from China, majoring at Geographical Information Science. At that time, I received offers for Master program from some world famous universities, such as University of Toronto in Canada, HongKong University, and also University of Michigan in U.S. All of these schools offer great education. And HKU also offer me academic awards. But I finally choose to come to America, for it offers international students enough OPT time to cast knowledge into real-world practice. If the OPT extension is cancelled, we lost a lot of opportunities to earn real-world experience. If so, I believe, many students like me would not choose America for further education, but would like to go countries like England, Canada, Australia and Singapore, who are now actively attracting international students. So OPT and its extension is a pretty significant attraction of education institutions of America. Also, as is known to all, there are a lot of excellent STEM students from international. Attracting good students to America do promote its academics. Declining the extension means America education institutions will lose a lot smart brains and also revenue.

In addition, many e-verified companies like Google, Facebook and Microsoft have involved a lot of excellent international students. If OPT extension cancelled, many of them will have to leave the companies, which will definitely have great negative effect of those companies. Some people may argue that OPT extension decreases employment rate of America because international students capture a lot of positions. However, it has to be cleared that, international students compete fairly with al