Jie Ding I totally support this OPT extension rule. As an international student from China, I believe it will be a win-win rule for the benefit of both the international students and the U.S. 

For an international student, the knowledge and skills acquired in the educational institutions is no doubt a great asset since U.S. provides the world leading higher education. But probably the professional skills gained through the working experience in the U.S., the country with the best companies in the world, is what truly makes the international students more competitive in the labor market after going back to their own country. 12 months are far from enough to gain considerable exposure to a position or an industry, especially for the STEM employment. However, a total of 36 months is an ideal length for international students to gain enough working experience before going back to their home country,

The longer OPT extension rule will benefit the U.S. employers a lot. Under the present global circumstance, international students could contribute a lot to the U.S. employers through not only their knowledge and skills, but also their diverse background and the unique understandings in their own country. 12 months are far from enough for an employee to make the contributions, which is worthy of the resource a company may put into new employee training. Besides, more and more U.S. companies have expanded or are planning to expand to emerging market, thus, hiring the international students would be of great benefit to them since a majority of the international students in the U.S. are from these targeting countries and are with unparalleled understanding and expertise in these markets. After working for about 36 months in U.S., they will be well-equipped to be assigned to their home countries to help expand the business of the company.

Last but not least, this new OPT extension rule will further increase the competitiveness of U.S. academic sector. When I applied for overseas graduate education 2 years ago, one important reason that I accepted the offer from my current university and declined the offers from U.K. is that the 12 + 17 months OPT policy for STEM students. If a longer OPT extension rule will be granted, I believe it will make the higher education of U.S. more appealing to international students and this will contribute a lot to boosting the U.S. economy.
