Maggie Tang I think that it is wise to extend the stem extension for F1 students. Peoples oppositions to the proposed ruling has a fundamental flaw - most people are just opposed to having almost any international workers, and they really never give deep thoughts into the STEM extension itself. 
The biggest advantage of the OPT extension is not about immigration, however, but about the educational market and USs reputation around the world as the country with the best technology and research. According to a recent study, International students contributed 30 million dollars to US economy, and also had tremendous achievements in research. It is not exaggeration that with International students, the US could not achieve a lot of its innovative work that later transforms to jobs open to local US citizens. If US were to take anyone from the world, itd better take the smartest people and try to make them stay - either for short term work or for long term immigration. OPT is such an easy way to select the best people from other countries, with most of the F1 students accustomed to the US culture better than a foreign worker coming to the US directly via other visa types. Without this extension, I believe that the US educational market will suffer greatly with reduced number of interested international students, less money, and few qualified researchers who innovate.
I do not see any intelligence in comments that just focus on protecting US jobs. Those people with such comments unfortunately fail to recognize how economy functions - not by closing the door but by moving resources around. The key issue here is not about whether we want OPT students, to which the answer is yes, but about how to truly enforce that we have OPT students do the crucial STEM jobs that helps the US economy. It would be bad to allow students do regular jobs that any US citizen can do and does not require a college education - this is not the problem with the intention of having OPT students, but the problem of enforcing that the government is doing what it wants to do. The proposal is doing exactly the thing - it is there to make sure OPT Stem extension is not abused. Anyone with concerns about jobs should welcome the ruling instead of opposing it, because the ruling keeps smart people while protecting regular jobs at the same time.

Reference: http://www.iie.org/en/Who-We-Are/News-and-Events/Press-Center/Press-Releases/2015/2015-11-16-Open-Doors-Data
