Lisa Yu I strongly support this bill. As more U.S companies look for oversea opportunities and expand their business in other countries, most companies are looking for international students who received high education from top 100 undergraduate or graduate school in US. Those students have a good understanding in US business and culture, while speaking fluent native language and familiar with local culture. It just does not make any sense to force those talented students back home after US provides best resources to them. 

My name is Lu and I have been working in US for more than two years. I currently work at a consulting firm, mostly provide financial advices on business operations. Most of my clients are big companies in the US who provide excellent products and services to US citizens and actively expanding their business. I have assisted several of them to translate the documents to professional English languages. I also helped my colleagues to examine evidences received from my home country and audit them based on my US working experiences. They appreciate my help and always complaint how trashy Google translate is. I have learned so much from my work and appreciate I had the opportunity to practice what I learned at school. 

However, I have been worrying about my visa status. With the rough work visa lottery process, I have failed to receive the work visa twice. Here is my story: I graduated with Accounting degree, an non-STEM program, so my OPT expired. I went back to school and received my master degree in Accounting. My boss asked me back and sponsored my H1B application again. Unfortunately I didn't beat the odds- I didn't get the lottery. For those of you who don't know about H1B, it is a work visa that foreigner has to apply. There is an annual cap and has been filled up immediately at the beginning of fiscal year. So the government conducts the lottery to pick the lucky ones. I don't understand that as a hard worker who receives many recognitions from the firm, my career is dependent on a computer lottery system in order to get a work visa. My point is longer OPT program would allow me to stay here and contribute more to my team, firm, even US economy while growing my personal career. It allows the US companies to keep the talent when battling with the work visa H1B system. Now my non-STEM OPT program is going to expire next May. I have felt so much pressure now and I am not sure what to do next. 

A diversified work place is better for the companies and the overall economy in a long run. The international students could bring a lot of perspectives from their own culture. An one-year OPT program is too short for an employee to contribute to the company- it usually takes at least 6 months to be familiar with the company daily operations. And the students need more years to practice their knowledge and learn from their innocent mistakes. US should offer 3-4 year OPT program like other European countries offered, no matter it is STEM or non-STEM degree.
