Ting Li I support this OPT extension.

First of all, the science-and-technology enterprises in the US need the participation of foreign STEM students. This will increase the total number of jobs in the US, which will benefit all the people already living in this country. I'm a PhD student doing projects on Computer Vision and Machine Learning. I have been in this area for 7 years (2 years for Masters, 5 years for PhD, all are in US universities). I deeply understand how fast the technology evolves and how eagerly other countries want to occupy the leading position in the area instead of US. The number of specialized workers matters a lot because in this globalized era, the capital will flow to wherever large population of technical people exists, it could be US, or China, Japan, western Europe. If the US could keep this advantage in the new industry, other industry will thrive too and thus the average income of Americans will keep increasing. 

Secondly, there are already many well educated and trained international students in Engineering schools in the US. On contrary, the number of native American STEM students is far behind the demand. As a result, foreign STEM student could just replenish that. Again, these are all specialized technical jobs, this won't affect the main job market. We all know that American students prefer business schools, law schools or Medical school, because these careers earn more. Engineer majors are not that popular, and some students are even said to be 'nerds' just because they love science and technology. Fortunately these American students are taken care of, all kinds of scholarship, better job opportunities are created for them. But the number is still not enough, especially in the Master and PhD levels. This trend is not likely to be changed in a few years, so apparently the US needs these international STEM students at the present.

At last, for the foreign STEM students ourselves, we study hard and work hard. We respect both home country and the US. Extension of OPT will provide us a little bit more freedom when making plans for the future, which is very reasonable request.
