Yongjie Cai I strongly support this proposed rule to extend OPT time for international students to stay and study longer in U.S.. 

I would like to clarify two misunderstandings of the opponents: 1) The opponents think they cannot find jobs because of the international students, and 2) the companies prefer to hire international students because of their cheap labor. 

In fact, international students in U.S. create more job opportunities for U.S. citizens and residents. The extension of OPT would help international students and their family stay in U.S. Their daily consumption (such as dining, accommodation, transportation, telecommunications, tourism, education and training fee, etc.) increase domestic consumption, and stimulate economic growth and prosperity. According to NAFSA's report (http://www.nafsa.org/_/File/_/eis2014/USA.pdf), international students and their families created/supported 340,000 jobs and contributed $26.8 billion to the U.S. economy during the 2013 - 2014 academic year; and for every 7 international students enrolled, 3 U.S. jobs are created/supported.

The proposed rule will not reduce the employment opportunities of U.S. citizens and residents. This rule is only applicable to STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics) students. According to U.S. Department of Education statistics (http://www.ed.gov/stem), six STEM-related industry areas will have 14%-62% increase of work demands during 2010 - 2020, but few American students pursue expertise in STEM fields and current U.S. is short of staffs who are proficient in these fields. Not only the extension of OPT will not reduce U.S. domestic jobs (otherwise, the companies may export these job overseas); But also it provides high-quality workforce for STEM-related industries and alleviates the shortage of labor conflicts. 

Companies hire international students under OPT because these students got higher education at U.S. and they are exceptional knowledgeable and have excellent skills. Companies would rather to pay more and do more paperwork for these international students legally working in U.S.. The misunderstand of cheap labor actually is because a small number of global IT outsourcing companies abused H1B visa application system. H1B visa is to help U.S. companies hire foreigners with exceptional skills to fill open jobs and help their companies grow. But according NYTimes (http://mobile.nytimes.com/2015/11/11/us/large-companies-game-h-1b-visa-program-leaving-smaller-ones-in-the-cold.html?_r=0), these IT outsourcing companies (such as Tata Consultancy Services, Infosys and Wipro, etc.) have spent a lot of time and money creating a business model that games the H1B system without breaking the rules so they can use H1B visas to offer cheaper labor. According to the report, in 2014, these outsourcing companies have taken a large amount of visa quota and brought thousands of their employees from other countries to take over work at U.S.. As a result, more americans were replaced or job positions were moved overseas due to lack of H1B visas. So I strongly suggest to fix H1B visa application system to be fair and healthy.
