The optional practical Training program allows U.S. Employers to hire foreign students for up to 1 year or up to 29 months in certain fields of study. The program was meant to provide foreign students with on-the- job training that would benefit them when they return to their home countries. Instead, this proposed rule, which will extend the program for STEM students to 36 months, would create a bridge to a longer-term work visa and eventual green card. This is a direct violation of the foreign student's pledge when they received their student visa to leave the country upon graduation. It's hard enough already for American workers, especially recent US graduates, to find work, and this rule would make it even more difficult by adding unfair and unnecessary job competition to the mix.
Most of these foreign employees will pay no social Security payroll taxes, and neither will their employers. A bottom- lineincentive to employers. 
Because of this, the social security fund is already shortchanged more than 1billion a year. That's $ 1 Billion LESS to pay to American retirees. When the OPT program expands, if this rule goes through, the social security/ Medicare funds will be shortchanged by Billions more $$. 
A second inventive to bypass American workers: Although many of the OPT workers are paid well, there is no requirement that employers pay the prevailing (standard) wage to foreign replacement workers. The employers can easily drop salaries. add that to the average $11,000 that employers save per employee by not paying payroll taxes, and how can American graduates compete with that? 
Guess who's lobbying hard for expanding the OPT program? Disney, toys r us, Sun Trust Bank, QUALCOMM and Mirosoft. That's a lot of nerve for those last two, Qualcomm has announced layoffs for 4,500 Amercans, and Micosoft plans on laying off 7,500 in the coming year. 
During these next three to six years, companies have the time to sponsor the H-1B employees to permanent employment visas