Anne Forshene I support this OPT STEM approval and believe that any opposition to the STEM extension program is short-sighted and will be detrimental to the U.S. economy and related industries in the short & long term.

a.OPT STEM students are international students BUT NOT IMMIGRANTS. Immigrants are those who come from a foreign country and stay and live permanently in a country, which is DIFFERENT from the concept of international students. As much as I want to argue that immigrants have been making amazing contributions to this country over the past generations, STEM international students ARE NOT EVEN IMMIGRANTS. So please stop accusing international STEM students of being immigrants stealing American jobs because tons of STEM students actually ended up returning to home countries instead of becoming an immigrant. They are a small population compared to the overall job hunters in the States.
b.STEM majors need the extension since the training for such industries is more intense, difficult, and time-consuming. STEM majors are not like other such majors as Management, Business, Art, etc. Anyone with commonsense knows that STEM majors are related to difficult academic studies and heavy workload and challenging tasks. Especially when it comes to various challenging tools, software, and tasks related to the real world jobs, STEM students, more often than not, need more time to get trained to familiarize themselves with the complicated Databases, software at work, different systems, etc. Thats why the extension is necessary so that all the training will not be wasted and in fact be meaningful when they can accomplish tasks more efficiently.
c.STEM international students are disadvantaged and NOT favored on the job market in the U.S. And YES, this is TRUE. When an American STEM student and a STEM international student are the SAME qualified for the same position, guess who will ALWAYS get preferred to the other? THE AMERICAN student. Its because international students dont speak as good English, have less connections in this country, will enjoy the same salary package and NEED SPONSORSHIP which costs the company money!! This makes sense and is fair because they are not citizens. The ONLY situation where employers will still hire them is that international STEM students are MORE QUALIFIED.
d.Therere a plethora of new STEM-related jobs posted every single day and it really depends on whether youre qualified to get hired. No company, especially those STEM big names, will ever hire an employee simply because they can provide low salaries because the salary level is actually pretty transparent nowadays, thanks to Glassdoor.com and all other professional forums. Tons of 6-digit silicon valley jobs are waiting to be filled but ONLY by qualified candidates that can get jobs done.

Itll be a huge loss to the universities (think about the tuition international students are paying), the hiring companies, and the U.S. economy if the STEM program is cancelled. 

I pray that this proposal can be effective and I give it my fullest support.
