Sherry Sun I read through the supporting documents that listed out the costs and benefits of the three alternatives and agreed with the overwhelming evidence that extending the 24 month extension STEM-OPT period would heavily promote the US's leading position in the global competition while saving relevant administrative costs.

First of all, the freshly trained students would help bring the up to date knowledge to the economy. As the study shows, many are hired by well established E-Verified companies that demands fresh blood every year. On the other hand, the newly proposed mentorship program re-emphasized the goal of the program. Companies control their own autonomy and their own rigorous screening procedure would block under-qualified candidates any way. 

Also, on a standpoint of fairness, I'm concerned that the alternative 1:no change is not fair to the students who are already on STEM extension or would be eligible for extension after February. Most policy changes would have a grace period with some grandfathered guidelines and I'm very surprised to see there aren't any. Because the abrupt overhaul, many employers would face labor shortfall in the upcoming winter and I doubt this would help the gradually recovering economy. 

Some leading arguments from the opponents are:
1) Some argue that international students are competing for jobs. This is oversimplifying the issues in the US's labor market. STEM-OPT candidates all have at least earned one higher education degree and they are not allowed under the current regulations to pursue jobs outside of their study discipline. Therefore, they are not taking away jobs that are lower skills

Furthermore, as those international students can only apply for E-verified companies, it helps the US employers to pick their best candidates from a wider pool. The longer 24 months STEM-OPT extension enables the employers to focus on getting the most suitable candidates for the position without worrying about potential loss of the person for uncontrollable reasons. Again, employers as freewill market players will naturally prefer the best candidates they can find no matter where the person is country of origin. 

2) Other groups may point that longer 24 month OPT extension would leave more students to apply for H1-B and Green card. Of course, immigration policy is a long term discussion point in the congress that may put many on alert. However, I'd like to remind them that we do still have a quota for H1-B and prospective candidates still need to go through the current lottery process to get a visa. Therefore, as long as the H1-B quota is not changed, the increased term of STEM OPT extension would not affect H1-B visa issuance.

I'd also like to point out that although different parities have their distinct views on H1-B and other related immigration policies, the general goal is to make sure that the US stays in the leading group of the international community. If the country ignores the strong willing of US educated and willing intellectuals, it's likely that they would later send discouraging signs to other incoming students. To extend the STEM-OPT is more than a policy change but a signal and gesture that the country is still willing to take high skilled workers if they suit the growing needs of the economy. I'm worried that if the country continue to cast barriers to foreign students, there will be less and less of them coming. 

3) Anther opinion against the proposal is that it would waste taxpayer's money. This is simply not true after reviewing the cost analysis in the support file "Initial Regulatory Impact Analysis" file. 

