Brandon Edwards I oppose the Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule that would expand the Optional Practical Training program. 

This expansion would allow U.S. tech companies to hire foreign students for up to 3 years and avoid paying their share of payroll taxes, [an equivalent to 7.65% of the employee's pay] a detriment to every American tech workers! It's hard enough already for American workers to find work, and this rule would make it even more difficult by adding unnecessary job competition to the mix. Not only does this program create an incentive for these companies to hire foreign students over qualified Americans, but it also appears to violate the foreign student's pledge when they received their F-1 visa to leave the country after completing their degree. As a result, this is putting additional adversity in the work place as it has currently effected the industry, impeding reasonable wages for all tech workers as the program actually incentivizes employers to hire foreign students because they don't have to pay prevailing wage or the employer portion of payroll taxes. It also has catered to and promoted language & cultural differences that impede efficiency and detract from common function both in the work place & community creating an environment that is mired in animosity & conflict. Further taxing the American citizen to impart accommodation of foreigners whom many do not have the heart or willingness to acclimate to the character of our communities. Immigration policies should serve in the interests of American workers, not against it...!

Initially, the Department of Homeland Security expanded the OPT program by bypassing the transparent notice-and-comment period. But the D.C. District Court ordered DHS to temporarily vacate the expansion. The judge has given DHS until February 2016 to complete the notice-and-comment period. Therefore, if enough comments opposing the rule are submitted, DHS could & SHOULD pull the proposed regulation entirely...!

Sincere regards, 
Brandon K. Edwards
