Don Chan I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:

1. International student make significant economic contribution in local and domestic area. As usual, international students (F-1) pay ten times of tuition than local students. This tuition help is key fund to make university daily operation and their expansion. Also, those tuition can help university offer more fund for school research and create more jobs in the school.

2. Diversity is very key element to make U.S strong. F-1 student can help U.S society to building diversity culture. Most of F-1 student used to live in other country before came to U.S. He or she knew their culture, and then adapt U.S culture with their culture. Diversity culture make people think outside of box and make people think differently. It help human understanding thing, such as theory, method, idea, better than last time. 

3. Stem area is the area that some U.S student don't like to learn or not good at learn. However, STEM area subjects is significant for U.S society. Well trained doctors filling the gap that shortage for doctor in hospital or medical research. Well trained engineers help companies solve difficult problem. Smart master student or doc student help university doing research, and some day they start their research in school. STEM are subjects should not stop. Without international student, the shortage may created. Cancel STEM extension will put U.S in a high risk to lose advantage of high technology, great educational system and so on. 

4. Competition does exist, but F-1 student didn't take opportunity that belong to U.S citizen. To hire an international student, an company need spend amount fee for an attorney. More paper work than a U.S citizen. The recruit process usually take long and have very limited place for F-1 student. Most of company prefer to hire a U.S citizen rather than an international student. Unless, some international students are extraordinarily outstanding and overqualified this position. This back to my previous point, nice training and high qualified student help U.S company move forward.

Overall, Extension OPT can make U.S strong, and make people believe their government do the right choice to their people. 

Thanks,
Don
