chukun wei I strongly support the proposal for the following reasons:

1. Keeping immigrants with STEM degrees in the United States will allow them to continue to contribute to the highly profitable leading tech industry within the United States. We all know that every country has a very limited number of highly talented people. Deporting a huge number of highly talented people from the United States after their OPTs expire will definitely harm various American STEM industries, for reasons that:

a. Employers will lose very talented STEM employees previously in OPT status that employers have invested a substantial amount of money and labor to hire.
b. Employers will need to invest another substantial amount of money and labor to hire people to fill vacancies created by departing OPT employees. This will have direct negative impact to both the employers budget and project/product timelines since the employers will need to spend time and money on the new employees training/on boarding process.
c. We can NOT assume that there are enough qualified American employees to fill the vacancies created by departing OPT employees. As a result, we can NOT assume there are enough qualified American STEM workers to supply the huge demand of STEM hiring market.

2. STEM immigrants have to rent a home and purchase goods. For example, my landlord is an American and I pay over one thousand dollars to him each monthfor the rent. I also spend thousands of dollars on food, travelling, gasoline and insurances each month. All those moneys are paid directly to American industries, American businesses, or American individuals, which will have a direct positive impact to the American people and economy.

3. For those who are not supporting this proposal, they are myopic, that is, they do not see the profits that STEM immigrants brought to the American STEM industries in the past years.

4. Not having an OPT extension will give STEM immigrants much fewer opportunities to obtain a work visa or even a green card, and that will have a terrible impact on the American economy, starting from American universities. As we allknow, international students within the United States pay much higher tuition fees while unable to receive any financial aids from the US government, and the number of international students at American colleges have increased dramatically over the past few years. The extra tuition fees paid by international students increase university budgets, which directly benefits both American universities and American students. When international students realize that they may have a much less opportunity to stay in the United States after they graduate, they may choose another country which provides a better immigration policy to start their college and/or future career. Losing international students will increase the budget burden of American public universities and thus require more funds from state governments to support the normal operation of U.S. public universities. Likewise, less people will rent American homes and the rent will go down, which may lead some American families whose income are mainly from collecting rent from students and STEM immigrants into bankruptcy.

In conclusion, the advantages of extending OPT of STEM students by an extra 24 months far outweigh the disadvantages. There will be an immeasurable lost to the American society if this proposal does not pass.
