XIN ZHANG I believe that the 24 months'OPT extension for all the F1 students will definitely bring great benefits to the United States. Firstly, this extension will greatly increase the domestic consumption. While studying and working in the USA, the international students also buy and consume all kinds of daily products, and the consumption aggregates the total demand from the society, which will create lots of job opportunities for the United States.According to the data of NAFSA, the consumption of international students brings $26.8 billion to the USA from 2013 to 2014. Besides, this extension currently is only limited to the STEM students. The STEM jobs in USA are in great demand, and in the future, there must be huge increase in the demand according to the rapid technical development of the whole society. In fact, most native Americans don't study the STEM majors and need related jobs, the international students actually don't form great competition with them. Instead, the international students in STEM majors make up the great demand of the whole United States in technical and scientific fields, improving and forwarding the development of the whole country. Nowadays, the unemployed people in United States are mainly blue-collar employees and veterans, which are labor-intensive. Their unemployment are caused by the industrial updating, which will eliminate the outdated production capacity. Even if the F-1 students don't have the 24 months extension, the labor-intensive employees are very difficult to update their skills to find STEM related jobs. If the F-1 students in STEM majors are not allowed to extend their OPT and work for the United States, there must form a huge cap for the society, which will badly affect the development of the whole society in the United States. As we know, lots of famous star-up companies created by the international students, such as the Instagram, which is created by Mike Krieger, which bring thousands of jobs to the United Stated. In the university, according to the survey of US News in 2014, the number of STEM F-1 students occupies 1/3 of the number of the total international students. STEM OPT extension will definitely attract more international students to study at America, which will not only bring huge income for the universities,but also greatly improve the cultural diversity for the colleges, cultivating the US students to have the cultural tolerance and international perspectives and truly become the global citizen. The jobs which are related to STEM majors are usually composed of the researches,tests, performance optimization, which needs relatively lone time to see the results, and the 24 months OPT extension will bring enough time for the US companies to research, test and complete the whole development of their products into the market, benefiting to the US companies to greatly.
