MADHIRE VENKAT KRANTHI REDDY I would like to submit the following comments in response to the Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Non immigrant Students with STEM Degrees for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in Dec'2014 with a Master's degree in the field of Computer Science. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes.

I was glad to see the proposed rule for re instituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

The proposal to re institute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. This experiential learning will allow me to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in a professional setting. STEM graduates like me should be given more opportunity to gain valuable applied experience and make connections in professional fields they are considering for career paths. The additional OPT time will provide me with more broad exposure to industries and organizations to aid in personally developing and exploring career possibilities as well as creating a professional network.

The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Employers

Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest strategies and techniques in the field. Expanding opportunities for STEM graduates benefits employers in high-tech industries by helping them to maintain connections with colleges and increase visibility on campus. This aids to promote community involvement and creates awareness of the field for future students and future employees. In addition, expanding practical training opportunities for international students will enhance U.S. companies by providing novel perspectives, fresh ideas, new processes, and specialized skill sets to augment the abilities of staff employees. Finally, STEM students will allow employers the opportunity to accomplish bigger projects, achieve more innovation, and develop new products and technology, all of which will further fuel the U.S. economy.

The Duration of the STEM Extension Should be 24 Months

In order to be a meaningful learning experience, a 24-month extension combined with the initial 12 month OPT period is the appropriate duration to allow me to meet my planned learning goals and allow for active reflection on I am accomplishing throughout the experience. Students with up to 36 months of practical training can be assigned more challenging projects that better complement academic programs and career interests.

Formal Training Program and Customized Mentoring and Training Plan Will Help Me Integrate Classroom Knowledge with Practical Application
Establishing goals and a professional road map at the start of my practical training will assist me in clearly identifying my learning objectives and planning how they will be accomplished. Completing this with my employers input will guide both my employer and me to make a more meaningful learning experience.

-Madhire Kranthi Reddy
