Xiexiaomeng Hu Dear Department of Homeland Security,

I myself is an international student currently pursuing my master of science degree in Petroleum Engineering at Colorado School of Mines. This is my sixth year in the United States as a student, while six years ago I came to the United States as an cultural exchange high school student and stayed with a host family in Windsor, Connecticut. Throughout my cultural exchange year, I had the opportunity to study US history and culture, sing in the local church choir with my host brothers and sisters, and join the local high school swimming team. 

It is that year of culture exchange as international student that completely changed my life, for the first time ever I have the chance to communicate with friends from another nation, to learn what they are learning and to see what they are seeing. I have feel the sense of peacefulness while singing and praying in the local church choir, I have learned the spirit of teamwork as a swimmer in the high school swimming team, and I have the honor to be actually accepted by a American family as part of the family members for the culture exchange year. From the local US high school, we learned the American dream, that every US citizen should have an equal opportunity to achieve success and and prosperity through hard work, determination, and initiative. Though I'm not an US citizen, yet I do believe in hard work, determination and initiative, and that's the reason I choose to apply for college in the US and studying Petroleum Engineering, and hoping that someday I can also achieve my "American dream".

I understand that there are people claiming against the extension of OPT, since they think international students had taken many job opportunities of many local US citizens. To my opinion, the extension of OPT is just an opportunity for international students to try to apply for jobs in the US, and also limited to the STEM majors, which requires hard-works in science, maths and other engineering technologies. International students who wants to use OPT as the opportunity to apply for jobs in US, must complete their four-year-degree in the US college with a good GPA. At least all the international students who need OPT extension are those who are willing to learn, who are willing to do the hard-work, who are willing to sacrifice their personal happiness back in hometown and study as an ESL (English as an second language ) speaker. Though we are not American citizens, but we do have something similar as the American spirit, and we are willing to contribute to the society just as every other US citizens do. 

So why can't we at least have this opportunity to make contributions and proof our values? I believed that every person that are standing in this nation with believes in hard work, determination and making contributions to the society, should be at least given the opportunity to achieve success and make United States and make America a better place, and that's my understanding of the American dream!

Sincerely,
Xiexiaomeng(Jack) Hu
11/08/2015
