I was listening to Breibart News, Stephen K Bannon on Sirius XM 125 when then started talking about H-1b visas.

A called / foreign worker called in and said several things that make these visas harmful to American workers.

#1 He claimed foreigner work harder and longer hours than Americans. they do this because the company owns their visa and can deport them whenever. This is a Negative against an American worker.

#2 He said foreign workers won't leave the job; sure they won't, actually they can't while on visa sponsored by the company. This is another Negative against an American worker.

#3 He said they are paid less. Again, this is another Negative against an American worker.

These visas are HARMFUL to well-educated Americans. Why would a company hire an American that expects a fair salary for his/her services; can look for work elsewhere whenever he/she wants and may leave if treated unfairly; especially when the company can own an H-1b visa worker and hold him/her hostage for a green card.

It's time to consider the well-being of our American STEM graduates first.

Additionally,

The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program.

OPTs are sought after by employers because they tend to be younger (cheaper) than their American competitors. Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range, but they cost Social Security about $1 billion dollars a year.

Senator Grassley stated (in a letter to DHS Secretary Johnson):

"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 