Jeff Bender I am a successful practicing engineer with a Ph.D. in semiconductor physics who also spent several years as a middle manager at a very large semiconductor company. Please do not adopt the proposed rule to increase the number of OPT visas for the following reasons:

1. American STEM workers are in fact not in short supply. If we were, simple economics dictates that our salaries would have been rising sharply, but in fact, they have been stagnating. Our own government increasing competition for jobs and depressing our wages even further than they already have is unconscionable, especially with the country in the middle of a tight economy. Companies, including my own, have in fact been laying off thousands of workers recently.

2. It is further unconscionable that our government would actually provide an incentive for companies to hire foreign workers instead of Americans. Because OPT is a "student" program, companies do not have to pay payroll taxes, as they do for Americans. A company therefore has a $10,000 per year incentive to hire a foreigner before an American. If companies really do need more workers, let them demonstrate that by paying higher rates. This would serve as an incentive to young Americans to enter the field and relieve the shortage.

3. Additionally, the OPT workers do not have the rights that other workers have, such as the right to unionize or to move to another employer should they be mistreated. This is basically leading to a caste system of indentured servants in a country that should have learned better. As a manager at a large semiconductor corporation, I indeed saw exploitation of foreign workers. For example, another hiring manager explicitly would not hire Americans for a position because, he said, he knew they would leave within a year due to the working conditions being so poor. He hired foreigner workers and told them if they stuck it out for 3 years, he would help them move elsewhere. This is how an American company avoids addressing systematic issues with worker satisfaction. Instead of addressing poor management and very physically uncomfortable working conditions, or simply compensating employees to put up with them instead of moving elsewhere, the company instead hires foreign workers who are tied to the job and do not have the option to leave. This is quite simply appalling, disgusting, and downright un-American. We should not be creating different classes of people with different rights within our borders.

4. The proposed rule also flies in the face of representation in a constitutional republic. The semiconductor industry (and others) have tried for years to push massive increases in the H-1b program quotas through Congress and have been rebuffed by action from the people. This proposed rule is nothing but an end-run around Congress, the rule of law, and the will of the people as expressed by Congressional action, in order to provide special financial consideration to a wealthy few at the expense of a large number of middle class engineers and technologists. Mark Zuckerberg is worth $40 billion; he can afford to pay market rate for his programmers without intervention on his behalf from the government.

5. To the extent that there may be the STEM shortage claimed by some, these proposed rules would exacerbate the problem. To a large extent, high-IQ, high-skill Americans often avoid STEM for fields like law, business, or finance that have easier school trajectories and high compensation. We are becoming a nation of paper-pushers instead of a nation of builders, and we are encouraging our smartest young people to spend their energy inventing new ways to game the stock market instead of creating real wealth. Further depressing wages by displacing American technologists will only encourage more young people to avoid STEM fields to follow the money in other areas. This is not healthy for the future of our country.

Thank you for your consideration.
