Kemengtian Ma I strongly support then Proposed OPT extension rule, it is definitely not only and benefit for all international students who are graduated in the US and are willing to make contributions with their knowledge, but more importantly, improving the economic recovery and growth in US. The Reasons are as follows:

1.International students have historically made significant contributions to the U.S economy, through the payment of tuition and living expenses for self and family. Therefore, they are deserved to have more opportunities and time to seek job in US market and longer time to practice the skills in US companies. Right now OPT is the most common way for international students to practice their skills after graduation. Revoking the extension rules will let all international student rethinks their plans to study in US and have forced current skilled students to leave US.

2.STEM students contribute more specifically to a number of advanced and innovation fields by conducing scientific research, developing new technologies, advancing existing technologies and creating new products and industries. However, right now the timeline of getting work permit as well as seeking work opportunities for SETM students is very tough. Extending the time from 17 months to 24 months will become a big relief, and allowing more STEM students to work for US companies and help in US economic growth.

3.Now a plenty number of international students using the STEM OPT extension to maintain their legal working permit because they were not selected from H1B petition lottery. The extension status not only allows them to continue working, but also provides more times to let to attend new h1b lottery in following years. If the new STEM OPT extension rule is not passed. The current STEM extension rule will be revoked in February, 12, 2016. International students US company such as Google, Amazon, facebook, and a lot of high-tech startups, who mostly hire STEM experts, will lose the talents. This will definitely impact the industry and harm the US companies.

4.Foreign students significantly promote cultural understanding, and contribute to the overall economy by building global connections between their hometowns and U.S. host cities. In the meanwhile, US companies also need to maintain cultural diversities to get a wider view in the global market.

In all, I do hope the new extension rule can be passed. The new rule will accelerate the US economy from all aspects. 
