Zhoucheng Li I am an international student I strongly support this proposal. This is not a policy just benefits F1 students with STEM degrees, but in fact, will greatly enhance the leading position in high-tech areas for United States. 

Many opposing comments here have some misunderstandings about OPT and STEM extension here. F1 students CANNOT do whatever job/research. We can only get trainings in CERTAIN high-tech areas (i.e STEM) that is the SAME with our degrees. And the reality is, for non-high-tech areas, many firms limit visa status for job applicants. Also, as I said before, we CANNOT work on those non-high-tech areas. 

As for high-tech areas, let's take engineering for example, you could hardly see many native United States students who are willing to learn this kind of areas, especially for Master and PhD students. But on the other side, many companies are desperately needing people in high-tech ares like Compute Science and Electrical Engineering. Since they cannot hire enough native American students, they have to hire foreign F1 students with STEM degrees. So, do we STEAL your jobs? The answer is NO, we could only take jobs that are actually abandoned by native American students. If someday there are enough native students who are willing to study in STEM areas, majority F1 students with STEM degrees would be kicked out of this country after graduation, because a native student usually is more competitive than an international students if they both have same level of technical skills since native students have better culture fit and better communication skills.

So, please DONT EVER SAY that F1 students with STEM degrees could STEAL jobs from American people. We CAN'T. 

Now let's look at how this policy could benefit United States. If all these students leave immediately after our graduation, which country do you think can get benefits from us with high-tech talents? Maybe India, China, or Russia, but definitely it would not be United States any more. U.S has the No.1 research capabilities in high-techs for now, other countries would be very happy if U.S could training talented people for them. From another point of view, many F1 students with STEM degrees, especially PhD students, are the leading force for researches in universities. We are contributing to United States to hold its position as No.1 in high-techs. Many top leading researchers like Zhijian James Chen currently in United States were also F1 students previously. You could find people like him in every top universities.

This policy could definitely help United States utilize high-tech talents for a longer time, and keep its No.1 position in the world.

