Gary Mitchell Comments regarding the Department of Homeland Securitys desire to expand the program called Optional Practical Training (OPT), which gives employers financial incentives to hire foreign students over Americans.

The first responsibility of the federal government of the United States of America is to the citizens and the sons and daughters of the citizens of the United States of America. When something like 50% of our citizens who graduate with science and technological degrees can not find jobs in their field, it is inappropriate, treacherous, and in fact, I would suggest treasonous of a government agency to also use taxpayer money to subsidize alien workers in those roles. When you allow F-1 visa holders to remain in USA after graduation and work, they are taking Americans jobs. On top of that you are subsidizing their employers, by the fact that the employer need not pay payroll taxes for these workers. 

Below are some facts that upset me:
OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.
The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program.
There are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the U.S. in addition to 98,000 in 12-month OPT programs and 30,000 in 29-month OPT programs. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines the job opportunities for American STEM workers.
OPTs are sought after by employers because they tend to be younger (cheaper) than their American competitors. Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range, but they cost Social Security about $1 billion dollars a year.

Professor Norm Matloff of UC Davis:
On a variety of measures, the former foreign students have talent lesser than, or equal to, their American peers.
Skilled-foreign-worker programs are causing an internal brain drain in the United States.
If the U.S. indeed "needs" the foreign students to remedy a STEM labor shortage, why do these students need training?
If workers with such training are indeed needed, why won't these special mentoring programs be open to Americans?
OPT expands the pool of YOUNG workers....this is the core of how SCE, Disney and so on can legally save lots of money by hiring foreign workers -- the latter are younger, thus, much cheaper, than the Americans they replace.
David North (formerly of the US Labor Department) States the following:
"there is no training in this program. It is just one more foreign worker program and it has nothing to do with students; it is for recent alien college graduates."
"U.S. employers are given a substantial bonus for hiring an alien college grad rather than an American college grad with the same skills and the same salary...it can be above $10,000."
"DHS, by defining a recent college grad as a student, takes both the worker and the employer out from under payroll taxes -- thus penalizing the Social Security and Medicare trust funds directly, and our elders indirectly."
"If the bonus given to employers for hiring a STEM graduate is worth $10,000 under the old rules, it is now worth $12,000, and is that much more likely to cause an employer to hire a former F-1 student than a green card or citizen graduate."
This program clearly favors foreign or alien persons over Americans and is inappropriate for Homeland Security to allow.

Dr. Gary Mitchell
2977 Hickory Nut Lane
Kalamazoo, MI 49004
