Joseph Spillsman I strongly support the OPT extension not only for international students' but also for US citizens' benefit. Here are my reasons:
* It is quite ridiculous for some negative comments saying that international students will harm the US citizens' employment.
Employers never employ students because they are international students!
Actually, it is a common sense that every employer wants to get the BEST students to meet their company's demand!
The BEST students can be US students as well as international students. The negative comments are assuming US students are inferior to international students which is absolutely TOTALLY WRONG! 
* To be honest, I think international students will push US students to work harder to make themselves more competitive in the job market. I don't know why any US students will against for this extension as long as they believe in their ability, their potential and their creativity. 
* Extension will help US startups have more less expensive high-level technical support.
FACT 1: Everybody knows why startup is so important to American.
FACT 2: US has never stop importing high education talent for the US job market demands. 
* The reason why there is so many negative comments here is actually those who believe in themselves' or their children's abilities and potential US citizens don't care too much about the extension. They will still do the right thing to improve their competitiveness. 
I think people comments on this extension can be classified to these groups of people (involvement rate from high to low):
1: International students who need more TIME to gain some job experience.
2: Less competitive US citizens who are not willing to improve themselves and stay where they are.
3: US citizens who have wrong concept regarding to what is the benefits and rights a US citizen should have.
4: US employers who are suffering from finding the good employees.
5: Active US citizens who have discovered the benefits form international students.
