edward cooper First of all, I absolutely support this. 

I argue that it is the foundation of United States of American.
Doing this is like injecting more fresh new blood for American economy. American is essentially an immigrant country, and that is why it has attracted talents like Albert Einstein, Tesla ans etc to come.Even George Washington is a British. The very reason that American become more and more powerful is that it is attracting talents from all over the world. The immigration policy though not perfect but is still attracting more and more talents from all over the world, giving more and more momentum for the booming of economy.
Thus, a welcoming immigration policy is essential to the booming of U.S economy.

Second, I argue that 24 month OPT is a critical part of immigration policy.
Extending OPT is simply because the the cap on H1B visa every year. Some of the talents has to go away because they didn't get H1B visa from lottery, which could be a potential huge loss to the economy. And using lottery to decide who could stay to work or who doesn't is already ridiculous enough. It reflects bad on the government and this administration. 
With the cap on H1B visa, extending OPT time is an essential part of immigration policy to keep foreign talents by giving them 2 more time to get the H1B visa from lottery. Thus, preventing the cap in H1B visa from hurting the US economy.

Third, I argue that OPT extension will not take jobs away from US citizens. 
In the job market, majority of companies still choose US citizen/permanent resident over alien workers. It seems that giving 24 month OPT will take away jobs from US citizen, but it simply give some companies more options to choose from. Hiring a alien worker requires a lot of legal effort and processing fees from the employer and delayed working time (only be able to work after visa is approved,which is usually several months). It is clear that given the same qualification a company will definitely choose US citizen over an alien worker for many reasons. The company will only hire an alien worker if the qualification is dramatically different. 

The extension of OPT is only given to STEM field. The graduate school for STEM field is filled with alien students from all over the world. US government and university paid for the education(through local fund-raising, research funding and etc, which are all American money ) of these talents for about 4-6 years with guidance from respected professors in this specific area. If you let these talents go after graduation, then it is simply a waste of money and time. It is like breeding an army of talents for other countries. And it is why the economy of China and India is booming at an unbelievable rate. What if all those talents were contributing to the US economy instead of China or India ? Then, the companies in US will be fast expanding, which leads to a better economy and job market.

STEM field are subjects of very specialized areas. The total supply in the world market is limited. With the coming of modern age, talents in STEM field are now playing more and more important role in contributing to the economy. It is crazy not to welcome those talents but push them out of the country. British economy is one of the example for non-welcoming immigration policy.

Last but not least, could you imagine a silicon valley with no foreign workers ? There will be no iphone or ipad in our lives right now. There will not be google, linkedin, twitter.Those are the product of a huge amount of alien workers and US citizens working together. Imagine the life without all those things. 
You will probably have to wait longer for these product to be on the market. 

It is now a critical time to make amends and welcome more talents not mere labor into US to create a better economy and job market.
If USA doesn't want to become the second Britain, then it is time to act now.

Grant the 24 month OPT 



