Zack Zhang I fully support the new OPT program. There are some misunderstanding from the perspective of American citizens. I would like talk about my opinions here.

1. Some of the comments here claim that company tends to hire international foreign students because they can pay less salary compared with equivalent US employee. This is absolutely not correct as from my own experience, I have received the job offer from one of the largest Internet company in silicon valley, my salary is higher than most of the US students in my department. I can get a job offer not because I can be hired with lower salary but because of my engineering talent is a great fit for the company's need. (The high salary prove this)

2. US is facing great competition and challenge from many other countries such as China and India, many of the recent International students graduated here in the US are precious talent resource for the keep demanding need from the STEM related companies in China. It can only make US less competitive if the US government does not provide a mechanism for the foreign students to find a path to work and contribute to the US economy after graduation. These talents will go back to their home country make US less competitive in terms of attracting best talents. This is definitely no good for the US in the long run.

3. US is always built by immigrants, it is just because US is so open and would like to provide an opportunity to the people with good talents and intentions in the past make it the most dynamic and developed country in the world. Shut the door to the great talents just because they are foreign does not show the true spirit of US. Local US people should not be afraid of incoming competition. The world now is so globalized now, and many international companies in the US are willing to find good talents resources, no matter where they are from. They just want the best people. International students are facing the same challenge when they are looking for jobs. If the US citizen are qualified to find a job, whey would you be afraid to competing with international students. You are in your home country and you speak your own native language. I think they should focus on improve their own skills not just say the international students caused their problems.
