Edward Gu First of all, it is the slogan and advocation of the United states of America that everybody is equal and everyone is regarded equivalently in employment. No one should be discriminated for employment in regarding to race, nationality, and gender. As long as the work is beneficial to the nation and would be more suitable, American government has claimed the equal opportunity for everybody.

Second, international students have become another main human resource for American companies, especially for high technology industries such as IT, semiconductor, finance, and modern manufacturing. The U.S. , the biggest and most powerful country has benefited so much in intelligence productivity from people all over the world. From NASA to Boeing, from Apple to google, foreigners made so much effort and dedication in improving the technology and making more profit, generating more tax income of the states government. Interestingly, the Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL) was founded by a Chinese international Xuesen QIAN. America needs these high level students to maintain the leading position globally. Making international students eligible to stay longer without necessarily having a working visa facilitates both the international students side and the companies side. As a result, America would obtain numerous high tech products, technology and other fantastic intellectual products. STEM international students have made so much contribution in the whole development of the society and industry. In terms of human species prosperity, no excuse should be allowed to ban these extraordinary students from working i the US, no excuse should be forgiven to discriminate any people based on any so called reasons,

Further, the reason the parliament and government wants to extend the OPT is that not a lot Americans can handle the high technology works. Think about it, computer science, electrical engineering, mech engineering and a lot of other majors are regarded as super tough and boring disciplines to learn for American students. Based on only American students as employee source, the companies would never be able to develop so many good products and results. We cannot ignore or dismiss such great contribution that international students have done for the country. We need them, the companies need them, American people need them!

Finally, what else can we benefit from extending the OPT for the stem students? International students is a powerful and sustainable tax paying source to the whole nation. Making economic growth, paying extra tuition to the school to enable better researching because of enough funding. Having these STEM students stay longer would actually generate more job positions for Americans. It is bilaterally beneficial. We should not be misled by any blindly deliberate people.

All in one word, passing this 2 year extension for STEM international students is good and necessary for the whole nation no matter in which aspect. Don't regret when we think back if we kill this proposition at this moment. There is no compensation for taking a wrong and silly action.

Ease say yes on this and let the STEM STUDENTS show us surprises!
