Xiaoqin LI, Rice University To whom it may concern:

As an international student who has a family in the States, I am fully support this proposed rule since it is a Win-Win plan as following reasons:

For US,
1. It would help US continuously have a very good number of high quality international employees, who have been significantly contributing on the growth of economy (especially on high tech branch) in the States since years ago. Otherwise, the Companies would lose thousands of international employees next year, which would be a tremendous disaster for their operation and growth, especially for small business. Since there may not be enough qualified domestic candidates to hire in such a short time, as a result, not having this OPT extension may put the whole economy system in danger here in the States.

2. United States of America, as we all know, is one of the most developed and most civilized countries in the world; not only because of the right path those national fathers created a couple hundreds years ago, but also the spirits and values of this country Freedom, Justice and Diversity that built gradually generation by generation, which exactly is what their citizens are proud of. When I first came to the States, the director of the international office in my school, told me something like this: "This country is strong as a thick rope, because she has been joined and being reinforced by high quality small ropes from different corners of the world. Therefore, we believe that the States will be as strong as they are with many high quality international components in the future.

3. More working experiences for international students can be beneficial for both side: the students would get trained more and learn more skill before they head back their own country, which makes them more competitive to better contribute what they could and pursue what they are eager to for their life. On the other hand, when they are back home, their "USA" working experiences can enhance business tie with USA when there is any business going on.

4. With OPT extension, international student may be able to put what they have designed or developed into the market, create a startup, which may bring potential jobs in the near future.

For people like me,

My wife is currently an information architect at one of IT companies here in the States. Myself is a software engineer, just got my full time job offer and will start my work soon here. Without OPT extension, I only have one chance to try to win "H1B lottery"; if I am not getting it, I will lose my job after 12 months OPT. As a results, the whole burden will be put on my wife's shoulder to support the whole family, which will be too hard for her. Of course we can leave USA and head back home in that case, that way we both would have a job. But that decision can't not be made by myself, which is also too hard for both of us. Therefore, this OPT extension will be so important for us because with that, I may have 3 chances to get a H1B Visa. Also, a lot of things could be figured out with 24 more months.

From my point of view, This OPT extension, will be surely beneficial for me, for people like me, but more importantly, for the whole country in both short and long run.

