xiaoyuan lu I strongly support the new regulation. 
I just got my master degree from University of California and I am now working as a software engineer in silicon valley. I think the new regulation will leads to a win-win situation for both American citizen and international students. 
The reason why I came to the U.S. for advance degree is I think America has the best environment for STEM students. In America, people from all over the world have the equal right to study and work, they are not judged by their racial or where they came from. This atmosphere attracts many talent people to study and work here since 1800s. It is Americans as well as the talent people from all over the world America the leading place in technology, in both academics and industry though out the years. 
Some people mentioned earlier that letting international student work in the U.S. will harm citizen's benefits. However, it is not necessarily true. Base on Fortune 500 June 2011 [1], 70% of the companies in the Fortune 500 list are Immigrant-Founded businesses or founded by children of immigrants. These companies including specialty retailers like Home Depot, Costco, and Staples, big commercial banks like Capital One Financial, especially high tech companies like Google, Yahoo!, At&t, Intel, PG&E Corp, eBay... These companies provides billions of opportunities for all education level for U.S. residents. If most of the international student can only stay in the U.S. for one year, they probably will not found any start-ups and become a citizen eventually. 
Compared to universities in other countries, there is no doubt that the universities in the U.S. are the best place for STEM students. All the classes are taught by top scientists even nobel prize winners. Students and researchers here will also have a more creative and equal atmosphere so that they can focus more on their own field other than politics. If we dig a little bit dipper, we will find that the reason why there are so many top scientist in America, is that during the last hundreds of years, many smart students and scientists continuously came to the U.S. for a better research environment. In the top 10 schools, half of the professors did their elementary education in other countries. 
The U.S. is famous for its equal and diverse environment. It has been attracting talent people to America since 1800s. If there is a regulation that international student can only work for 12 month in the U.S., I don't think people will still willing to come since one-year salary is not even enough to payback the tuition fee. If less students are coming to the U.S, maybe the country will eventually loss the leading position in STEM field. 



ref: 
[1] Fortune 500 June 2011, http://www.renewoureconomy.org/sites/all/themes/pnae/img/new-american-fortune-500-june-2011.pdf
