sai suhas kale I strongly support the extension. Here are my reasons for the support:
1.Unites Stated is currently facing STEM workforce shortage. This is just a fact. Companies like Facebook, Google and several others hire international students not because they are cheaper labor force, but because US workers do not prefer to obtain a Graduate degree (MS/Ph.D.) in these areas.
2.Unemployment among the STEM graduates (undergraduate level) is lower in the US, however, most US-students take up jobs in marketing, sales etc. This represents inclination of American workers towards non-engineering/ non-science jobs. Meanwhile, most F-1 students come for Science and Engineering degrees. Note that these are advanced degrees MS, Ph.D. International students have shown more inclination towards pursuing these degrees in Science and Engineering. This shows that they are more interested in getting jobs in the STEM Areas.
3.Therefore, it is not the cheap labor that allows international students to get STEM jobs, but genuine interest and eligibility (due to advanced degrees). Link: Refer: http://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2014/cb14-130.html 
4.If at all American-STEM-job problem exists, it will not be solved by blocking the international students from getting those jobs. It will simply hurt the companies that rely on eligible candidates. Eventually, they may end up outsourcing those jobs across the world.
5.The Mentorship and Training Program proposed for the 24 month STEM extension also has a ruling that requires the employer to attest additional documentation as a proof that they are not displacing any US workers when they hire international workers. 
6.Therefore, in reality, international students/workers are not taking away any jobs from the US citizens, but in fact are helping the employers fill in the required positions when they cannot find a fitting US citizen to fulfill the job requirement.
7.This Mentorship program also requires periodical reporting of the employment status by the employer and employee to the DSO which helps to keep a track of the student maintaining his/her status by the DSO. Remember that this is one of the reasons the extension was vacated in the first place. 
8.At the end, this Mentorship Program which will be implemented during the 2 month extension period only helps to hire and retain qualified international workers if the Employer cannot find a suitable U.S. worker while maintaining a very long paper trail of the employees record with the DSO and the Labor Department. I repeat again, this does not take away any jobs from U.S. workers.
9.Most students come here for education mostly because of job opportunities so that they can get a global exposure and the U.S. has a reputation for it. If the extension is removed, the chances of getting a job diminish significantly and this will simply lead to students not coming to the US for study.
10.According to the website source here, http://www.iie.org/Services/Project-Atlas/United-States/International-Students-In-US there are a total of 886,052 international students, most of them pursuing their Masters/Ph.D. in the US for the year 2013-14 alone. At an average college fee of 20,000 USD this group contributes close to 17.7 billion dollars as college fee alone to the US economy. Thats a lot of foreign currency coming into the US. Various universities that rely on large tuition collection from foreign nationals will lose a major source of revenue if the extension is revoked.
11.If we consider the factors of international students renting houses, cars, travel, shopping, phones, buying cars, tourism economy when parents and relatives visit America, this group of international students contributes close to 25 billion dollars every year to the US economy. This economic source will be severely impacted if the STEM extension is not approved.
12.Does the US really want students who come to the US and get advanced degrees in the US to go back and contribute to their home-country economy and compete with U.S.? It will be like using the resources of U.S. to do something better to their home country because they do not have an option to contribute to U.S.
13.In the end, I just want to say that, US economy is built on fair competition. This extension gives a fair chance to students to compete and find a job. International students work hard and retain the jobs because they have too much at stake. They have proven to be great workers and an asset to many companies all across the US.
14.If this somehow scares the domestic workers, then international workers cannot be blamed for that. Even if the extension is to be removed, it cannot be done in such a hurry. What about thousands of students who are already in the US and hoped to find a job. They were not ready for such a ruling, and this is unfair to them since they made a life choice by coming to the US.
