Timothy Estes I oppose the Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule that would expand the Optional Practical Training program. 

"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 yearsthe same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be validthere is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent."
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley 

"...expanding de facto guest worker programs like Optional Practical Training (OPT)through which employers hire more than 120,000 young college graduates per year who hold F-1 visasbut do not even guarantee that those foreign graduates are paid the minimum wage, let alone the prevailing wage, chase Americans out of computer science and creates a self-fulfilling 'shortage' as Americans respond to a relatively better market as engineers in other fields."
ALF-CIO President Richard Trumpka 

David North, formerly of the U.S. Labor Department:
"there is no training in this program. It is just one more foreign worker program and it has nothing to do with students; it is for recent alien college graduates."
"U.S. employers are given a substantial bonus for hiring an alien college grad rather than an American college grad with the same skills and the same salary...it can be above $10,000."
"DHS, by defining a recent college grad as a student, takes both the worker and the employer out from under payroll taxes -- thus penalizing the Social Security and Medicare trust funds directly, and our elders indirectly."
"If the bonus given to employers for hiring a STEM graduate is worth $10,000 under the old rules, it is now worth $12,000, and is that much more likely to cause an employer to hire a former F-1 student than a green card or citizen graduate."

A Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for Immigration Studies revealed two shocking takeaways about the OPT program that DHS proposes to expand:

OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds. 

The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program. 

There are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the U.S. in addition to 98,000 in 12-month OPT programs and 30,000 in 29-month OPT programs. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines the job opportunities for American STEM workers. 

OPTs are sought after by employers because they tend to be younger (cheaper) than their American competitors. Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range so they cost Social Security about $1 billion dollars a year in unpaid taxes.

Ian Smith of the Immigration Reform Law Institute:
"Like other employment-visa programs, OPT works to lower the wages and living standards of a growing portion of the middle class."
"Although tech workers' wages have been flat for years and thousands of American STEM grads are out of work, tech executives and shareholders are rolling in money."
DHS "is neglecting its duty under federal guidance to discuss crucial economic considerations, such as how many OPT workers will be hired instead of American workers; how many STEM grads have given up finding work in the STEM field; how the new rule will affect tech-worker wages and American STEM-grad employment."
"Not only will this artificially expand the domestic labor pool by hundreds of thousands, but 100 percent of the new recruits will be young and therefore cheap, and almost guaranteed to neither unionize nor get poached from competitors (because their 'student' visas will be tied to their employers)."
"because these workers are still technically 'students,' they won't have to pay payroll taxes, saving the company around $10,000 for each of the three years they're in the program."

If you think this is only an ideological argument wait until your son or daughter can't find a decent job. You'll feel differently.
