Jane Xie I strongly AGREE with the proposal which is STEM is extended to 24 months. The reasons are below:

1. PROVIDE more EXCELLENT and DIVERSE WORKFORCE for American STEM industry to grow the society. I'm an international student who uses OPT STEM to work in a high technology company now. I hold a computer science graduate degree and work as a software engineer in Silicon Valley. Actually my manager and company cares about this new STEM rule very much, I performs very well and they wants to keep me as a long term employee, so if the new rule approved, I'll have more possibility to work continuously in America, and any replacement of me will cause a negative financial impact to our team and company.
Also our company wants to hire more excellent international graduates who may need OPT STEM for employment authorization. So I think the new rule will enrich American workforce and provide more human resource to push the industry to grow up, especially for the high-tech STEM fields. If so, companies in high-tech industry will contribute much more to American tax, benefits and the bigger market will provide more and better working opportunity to Americans. That's exactly a big thing for the society to become more strong and powerful.

2. ENRICH the EDUCATION RESOURCE. As is known to all, one of the major advantage for America's university education is the closer connection between academic and industry practice. The new 24 month OPT STEM rule will help a large amount of international students to gain more industry working experience after their graduation, which is a great thing for both students and companies. If so, the universities of America will attract more excellent international students coming and pursuing for a degree, which will enrich the whole education industry. 
Every year, a large amount of excellent international students (like me) come to America and choose to enroll in a top university to learn academic knowledge. I know the advanced education experience in university is so great and I appreciate it, while if we can experience the same great in the industry, I believe more and more excellent guys will come here to study, then the America will have the best professors and best students in the world. 

In a word, the new rule of OPT STEM extended to 24 months will definitely BENEFIT both Americans and international students, from economic and educational aspects. We should SUPPORT this proposal.

