Cecily Wu I strongly agree with this new policy. Following are the reasons why this policy will benefit US employers and the international students in the STEM fields:
1.United States has long history of attracting people from all around the world, especially who are highly educated, to work and contribute to this country. People with different nation origin, race, and color worked together and made the history of this country. Without policy like this, the U.S. close the door for many highly educated people to come; and this will bring more harm than benefit to this country. Attracting more talented people working in STEM field will help to boost the technology and economy of this country and results in more job opportunities for everyone. 
2.This new policy will help the U.S. still be competitive to attract international students in the STEM field. Other countries, such as Canada, UK, Australia, and New Zealand are all working on publishing new policies to attract students come to study. Since OPT allows STEM students to expand their study experience outside the classroom setting, and apply what theyve learned to benefit the companies, this policy makes the U.S. a more appealing place for students to study abroad. 
3.This policy clearly states that only E-verify companies can hire OPT students, and this rule eliminate the chance of discriminating the local people. E-verify companies are not allowed to discriminate people from other countries, and definitely not American citizens. 
4.STEM fields need more people to contribute in, and due to how many Americans are in these fields, only depend on U.S. citizens cannot fulfill this need. If this policy doesnt exist, many high tech companies will face huge difficulty to find enough people to meet the need, and this will lead to negative impact on technology and economy.
5.24-month extension is a reasonable time. Many engineering projects and research programs are typically 2-3 years. The 24-month extension help the companies to complete these projects without any delay or interrupt due to International students have to go back to home country as their OPT expired. 
6.While U.S. citizens are worried about foreigners take their jobs, this condition doesnt exist at all! Quite the opposite, international students are facing more challenges to find jobs. Most employers are seeking for stable work force, but most international students will back to their home countries after 2-3 years. This is not ideal for the employers. If the employers want to keep the student for longer, they need to apply H1-B visa for the student and this process cost substantial amount of money. Employers are not blind to these facts. How can employers choose international students over citizens if they can find enough citizens to meet their needs? 
To wrap up, this policy is beneficial to both employers and international students. The worry about causing local people harder to find jobs is absolutely unnecessary. Thus, I strongly support this new policy. 
