Jiaju Shen, Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute What we have learned from the rapid development of United States (especially if we compare with Europe in recent decades) is the variety of immigrants. Immigrants are in almost every leading industry of America, from Silicon Valley to Hollywood, from sports to Wall Street. 

Bringing the greatest minds, regardless of where they are from. America's openness and freedom in technology towards most talented people over the world, is one important factor that this country has become, and is maintaining the leader of the world for science and technology. First railway, first computer, first atomic bomb, first moon landing... foreigners are behind every influential projects of this country, making their contributions. America has selected them, and they have selected to become American.

Foreigners are making contribution to America's STEM industry. Many talented people in STEM fields are not born in this country. Elon Musk, founder of Uber, is from South Africa. CEO of Google and Microsoft are from India. One founder of Garmin GPS is from Taiwan. Even though a large percentage of talented founders and senior managers of outstanding companies are Americans, many of them are still born and raised in immigrant families. The intelligence reserve is a significant factor of core competence for a nation. If we are thinking of this country's future, it is better to attract more smart, foreign students to work and live in United States.

Many Americans are concerned, about the competition of foreign workers brings to local job market. I would like to say, based on my own experience in job seeking, foreign students confront much more restriction and limitation. When applying for technical roles, we face a much higher hiring bar. Almost all tech-related jobs that are filled by foreign students are because of the real need in the market that can not be filled with local students. As an example of IT industry, Facebook, Google, Apple, Uber all have launched recruitment in China and India, giving direct sponsorship for selected employee in those countries. Sponsorship is not cheap, companies are willing to pay more, simply because the companies believe those employees are smarter, deliver better work and better fit for the opportunities and roles. We are not simply taking the jobs away, we are creating jobs and making a better future.

The need is there, and we need to solve it. That is why we need the OPT extension.

It is true that there are some companies that targeting the current loopholes and filing more H1b applications for oversea workers, paying them at a low wage. American people blame them for taking jobs away. Yes but that is totally different from the OPT extension we are discussing. Realistically, if OPT extension is revoked, tens of thousands of foreign employees will be forced to leave after just a year of their starting date, and companies are forced to launch new recruiting process. This brings economic harm to those companies. More adversely, those companies will hesitate when they hire foreign new-grads next time. But since the need is still there, there will still be gap of smart workers in STEM fields. 

I watched the republican presidential candidate debate not too long ago. One of them raised a point which I can't agree more. "Ironically, America might be the only country which it is controversial to say 'secure the border'." In my opinion, what is more ironic is that America is friendly to those undocumented immigrants with no jobs or low-end jobs, but is taking away STEM-related workers who are not only decent tax payers, but also real future value creators for the country.

Therefore, for the bright future, and for the justice and equal opportunity of all people in this country, please pass the OPT-extension rule!
