HUAN WANG OPT and STEM extension play a crucial and irreplaceable role in American education system as it provides opportunities for foreign students with STEM major to apply their skills in development of US economy. American education system is one of the best in the world due to its acceptance and diversity. And that has attracted increasing number of international students to go to US colleges. There is no point to train these international students but not use their learned skills. 

And what is more appealing is that a large portion of international students are undergraduates that pay their tuition not using US money source. In the year of 2013-1014 alone, there were 886,052 international students entered US colleges, that leading to 17 billion revenue alone for the US education system. 

In addition to that these students with STEM majors that graduated from US colleges will enter high tech industries contributing even more to US economy. As a matter of fact, the leading economy development in US today is the the high tech industry. One may be concerned that foreign nation workers would replace native born worker. But that is simply not the case as research study done by American immigration council:"Highly skilled immigrants complement their native-born peers; they do not substitute for them. This is true throughout high-skilled occupations, but is particularly true in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields.". And it could be not easily comprehensible for people who only view very near future. Research has shown that, in addition to bringing more jobs and higher salaries to communities where international students cluster, the impact and success of innovative industries in localities has a profound multiplier effect. 

All these numbers and research prove that international students trained in US with STEM degrees play essential role in US economy development. Any people with long term vision would try their best to keep their highly skilled workers. 

