Anonymous I will try to be succinct in my comments.

I believe this rule is trying to fix a problem that would be better fixed with raising the cap on H-1Bs. There are problems with oversight of some of the H-1B employers, but it is a work visa and essentially this rule for STEM degrees and CapGap relief is about work. The rule is trying to make a connection between practical training and education but it is fiction. I realize that moving the cap on H-1Bs requires Congressional intervention but that's where it belongs.

1. The schools are required to follow and report on students who have long ago graduated and feel no connection to the school. You have no idea how much effort is spent on following up with students to report their addresses and employer information. We never get reports from employers when F-1s leave their jobs. This burden is too much for an already overworked staff and universities do not understand or see the burden this has. DSOs who are conscientious and worried that F-1 will lose their permission to work spend much time chasing students down to do the required reporting. Now you are extending this to another reporting period (another 7 months). No other office on campus except Development requesting money follows students and is required to report on students.

2. How does the government expect us to know if someone studied in a STEM field in a previous degree program? Are all of the CIP codes of previous I-20s going to be provided to the current DSOs? What if we disagree with the CIP code assigned to the particular major? Why are we doing the work of STEM OPT processing in SEVIS for another institution?

3. Perhaps the government should consider bolstering the skill set of domestic students to meet any deficiencies in the domestic population. I am not opposed to international students since I am the child of immigrants, but I do feel domestic students are being left behind by these rules. There should be a balance.

4. Employers now don't report unemployment so why expect that they would mentor and follow the rules.

Again, my opposition is mainly due to the fact that this is employment and the F-1 status is not employment but education, and the undue burden put upon already burdened DSOs. Perhaps the government should provide us with dollars for X number of students on STEM OPT to cover the cost of additional employees to monitor the OPT requirements.

