Nabarun Das I believe the 24 months STEM OPT extension for students employed with a F-1 visa is a very good initiative by the DHS to ensure that the significant knowledge gained and the benefits obtained from academics are applied appropriately into the United States as well as the global industry and economy. 

Students from different parts of the globe are welcomed by US schools based on their merits and qualifications. The infrastructure and quality of instructions allow the students to apply this knowledge both in research as well industrial applications. A significant number of students also desire to gain expertise in their related field of study or apply the gained information for practical purposes. The 12th OPT period is a short time to do that. Allowing a 24 month extension will allow the student as well as his or her employer to work in various technological areas, utilize experience combined with academic talent, gain practical exposure in the field of interest and maximize potential of technological infrastructure. This period should be enough for the student to decide where he or she wants to pursue their career forward. 

Also, there is a limited number of H1B openings every year, if a candidate wishes to continue working in the United States. A 12 month OPT period does not really give a fair chance to the student to apply and get an H1B status, so a 24 month extension should be fair and still competitive. 

It is understandable that citizens of the United States should have due preference for any employment opportunities within the country. Please understand that the 24th month extension only provides a life line for non-immigrant students to pursue their career in some of the most advanced and latest technological areas in the field, which benefits both the US economy as well as globally. If there are any adverse affects on US workers it would be due to the quality of education of US schools,quality of employment, infrastructure or no technological advances. This, as we all know, is not the case and a 24 month extension for some thousands of students should not have any unfavorable impact on US citizens.
