Evan Wang I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:

1. 12 months is not enough for one complete project. For example, I worked for Maxpoint which is an online advertising company. We select pop-up ads to display to the user. My task is to add web page sentiment to better this display. This idea is very creative and new. It also means I need to start from scratch. I crawled the data, cleaned them. For the methods part, I need to study literature and build the model we could use in industry. Almost all the literature deals with review data while here we deal with any web page. After data preparation and model built, I need to do pilot test and evaluate results. It will take another several months to transfer this to a real product. In a word, as you can imagine, 12 months is definitely not enough for the whole process: from idea to product. I am the key person in this project, if I leave from it's complete, it will dramatically slow down the whole process. This real example happened a lot in IT field. The talent loss has tremendously bad effect for those companies. The influence and contribution of a key person for a team is tremendous.The government should not try to save a little but lose a lot. 

2. A patent needs at least 2 years to be approved. (http://www.uspto.gov/patent/initiatives/uspto-patent-application-initiatives-timeline)
Many international students are inventors of patents and it's sad and really bad if they could not complete the patent application process because of limited OPT time. You all know the great value of patents to the U.S. companies and thus the whole U.S. economy. 

3. OPT extension is a good motive to attract international students to boost US economy, for example, high tuition for international students, high rental income for US citizens, restaurant and travel stimulus. Another good example is Dealmoon: http://www.dealmoon.com/, a Chinese shopping recommendation website of US goods for Chinese students in the US, representing a lot of buying power. 

4. The government should let the students who learned knowledge from top U.S. universities stay in the country and let them keep making contributions to the U.S. International students are top students in their home country and that's why they have this great opportunity to study in America. Diversity is very important for the U.S. Chen-Ning Yang who received the 1957 Nobel Prize in Physics was an international student. I do think it's the diversity that makes U.S. the best country in the whole world. 

5. Competition does exist, but is not a bad thing. Remember only e-verify companies could provide OPT extension which guarantee the equality for every one.
