Tiangang Chen I strongly support this new rule. As it is stated in the primary document, America is losing considerable portion of international students. These international students are among the best in their own country, financially and intellectually. In America, international scholars have made immeasurable contributions to world-leading research and development in STEM and other fields and have become an inseparable part of a vibrant international academic community. And this community, which is based upon American institutes and companies, is, without a doubt, a key factor for Americas technological leadership in the world. This rule will certainly help America to be more competitive and to continue gathering the most talented people around the globe.

Moreover, I would like to refute some of the unfounded opposing comments.

I noticed that among those totally subjective and emotional comments (which is the majority of the opposing voice), some relatively objective ones are referring to these statements:
It (OPT program) denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and it removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.

The original comments can be found here:
http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetail;D=ICEB-2015-0002-3025
http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetail;D=ICEB-2015-0002-3094
http://www.regulations.gov/#!documentDetail;D=ICEB-2015-0002-3858

To help them cite the source of the statements, here is the the original article:
http://cis.org/north/obscure-immigration-program-hurts-us-residents-both-young-and-old

According to the above article, in 2013, the number of OPT students was 99,143, and the number of students on STEM extension was 19,115. On the other hand, in May, 2013, there were 132,588,810 jobs in total and 7,212,050 jobs in STEM fields according to the Department of Labor:
http://www.bls.gov/oes/2013/may/oes_nat.htm

These data suggests that OPT takes up less than 0.0748% of the whole job market, and less than 0.265% for STEM fields. The proportionality is obvious: OPT students actually take up extremely tiny number of job opportunities. OPT is several orders of magnitude away from being blamed for unemployment of US citizens. As a somewhat disturbing analogy for some commenters intention, trading in OPT for job opportunities would be like eating ones own finger for meal, which not only fails to fight hunger, but also leaves you more impaired.

As for OPTs exemption from Social Security and Medicare taxes, it should be pointed out that those students do not enjoy the benefits either. Remove is an inappropriate word since those money should not be there in the first place. On the contrary, international students brings significant economical benefits. They are very active consumers of local services and products, as well as paying the huge amount of tuition fees when compared to in-state students in public universities in particular.

We care and comment about this rule because we love America. And that is most effectively expressed with rationality.
