Junyu Zhu I support this rule. I write this comment to dispute some points/opinions from some comments, which do not support this rule.

Point: "The OPT program runs contrary to the purpose of non-immigrant student visas"
Why I disagree: OPT program has a clear limit on the maximal amount of time, which students can take to work. This limitation is for the purpose of non-immigrant. After the final date, that's another story, which is not related to the purpose of this rule.

Point: "Industry has no expertise to establish mentoring program"
Why I disagree: the commentator made a strong point without giving supporting evidence or data. The reality is contrary to his/her point. For instance, Facebook and LinkedIn launched mentoring programs for women in Tech (source: http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2015/02/06/facebook-linkedin-women-in-tech_n_6631582.html).

Point: "The new protections for American workers are useless."
Why I disagree: US is a world of capitalism. It is a fact that companies need to pay more to hire an equivalently skilled international student rather than an American student. Companies are not charity organizations, so they hire international students, simply because of the shortage in working force. 

Point: "The allowance of unemployment on OPT is inconsistent with education and protections for U.S. workers"
Why I disagree: Students are not working robots. Students don't go straight to work at the first day after graduation. Where is the period of time for those young minds to celebrate and prepare for the real life? 

Point: "DHS cannot justify the increased duration of OPT." & "The average time a new graduate stays at a first job is only 18 months. A three-year term for OPT is excessive. "
Why I disagree: The duration of OPT has never been said to be only applied for the first job. The commentator gave the evidence/data, which are not related to this rule.

Point: "The proposed rule creates national security issues."
Why I disagree: The purpose of the rule is make US more attractive to the talents around the world. Even though student can be allowed as non-employment for a limited period of time, they still need to submit their living address for being tracked during this period. 

Point: "The propose rule will discourage Americans to study in technology fields."
Why I disagree: This rule deals with what happens after completing the studying in college. This rule does not do anything to students before they enter the college. Another example is that a friend of mine (an international college student) worked as Teaching Assistance in a high school level summer camp to help American students learn technology and science and also encourage them to continue studying after they get to college.
