Pavan Nelakuduru I strongly support the extension. Here are my reasons for the support:

Unites States is currently facing STEM workforce shortage. This is a fact. Anyone with a basic knowledge of the Engineering industry would know this. 
This is quite evident as so many jobs are still in offer even now.
Companies like Facebook, Google hire international students not because they are cheaper labor force, but because US workers do not prefer to obtain a Graduate degree (MS/Ph.D.) in these areas.
Without this extension, there will be a drastic and steep decrease in the number of international students coming to the United States and this would be a great hindrance to the think tank of this country. This very think tank is what is making this country advance leaps and bounds scientifically.
Unemployment among the STEM graduates (undergraduate level) is lower in the US, however, most US-students take up jobs in marketing, sales etc. This represents inclination of American workers towards non-engineering/ non-science jobs. Meanwhile, most F-1 students come for Science and Engineering degrees. Note that these are advanced degrees MS, Ph.D. International students have shown more inclination towards pursuing these degrees in Science and Engineering. This shows that they are more interested in getting jobs in the STEM Areas.
Therefore, it is not the cheap labor that allows international students to get STEM jobs, but genuine interest and eligibility (due to advanced degrees). Link: Refer: http://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2014/cb14-130.html
If at all American-STEM-job problem exists, it will not be solved by blocking the international students from getting those jobs. It will simply hurt the companies that rely on eligible candidates. Eventually, they may end up outsourcing those jobs across the world.
Various universities that rely on large tuition collection from foreign nationals will lose a major source of revenue. Not to mention billions-dollars economy that relies on international students renting houses, cars, travel, shopping, phones, buying cars, tourism economy when parents and relatives visit America.
In the end, I just want to say that, US economy is built on fair competition. This extension gives a fair chance to students to compete and find a job. International students work hard and retain the jobs because they have too much at stake. They have proven to be great workers and an asset to many companies all across the US.
If this somehow scares the domestic workers, then international workers can not be blamed for that. Even if the extension is to be removed, it cannot be done in such a hurry. What about thousands of students who are already in the US and hoped to find a job. They were not ready for such a ruling, and this Is unfair to them since they made a life choice by coming to the US.
