weijue chen I am so glad to hear this information. I am a master student at North Carolina State University learning about microbiology. 2 years' life time in Raleigh, makes me like the place I stayed. Most of the Americans are so kind and friendly and help you without hesitate. As a foreigner, I am satisfied with the way people here treat with others and doesn't feel lonely. 

Your government thinks highly about immigration and want to acquire elites at different aspects. And that is the reason why you encourage each high educational institution to admit the top students from other countries. If you don't give the foreign students enough time to adapt the professional environment, they cannot show their capabilities and create enough faith to stay here.

Undeniably, the native people should worry about the increase of stressful employment market due to the improvement of STEM. However, this policy doesn't show any negative impacts on the native unemployment rate but perform a harmonious and powerfully good competition between native students and international students. As you know, international students, especially the ones from eastern Asia, have serious primary and secondary education system making them outstanding at the fields, such as science and engineering. Therefore, when entering the college, those international students always get higher ranks at courses. This situation is not bad. The american students will realize the importance of learning hard by the comparison, which not only give the opportunities to international students but also remind american to be a better man. Moreover, international students have to face with the H1B selection process and greencard application. Some of them will be beaten down and go back to their own countries. Only the elites will survive at harsh environment.Actually, there is no evidence showing the dramatic import of foreigners just by improving STEM.

Aiming to the growth of economy and technology, you should definitely consider this policy. Additionally, if you want to create the benign competition in the society, you must approve this policy.
