Xinying Li I fully support this proposed rule. This proposed rule will confirm and expand the OPT STEM extension for international students. That will definitely benefits the STEM international students, but they are not the only part getting values from it.

The opportunity to gain field-related working experience in the US has been one of the most appealing benefits to international students, which keeps the universities and colleges in the US attracting in the international education marketplace to compete with other countries.

In such a world of globalization and competition today, the US, a nation claiming for freedom and equality, who always pursues advancement, can't, shouldn't and won't limit the human resources to only domestic workers. Talents are the key to development. Education is an effective way to attract talents from all over the world to the US, and OPT STEM extension serves for this goal as a valuable advantage of US education.

OPT students has been an important source of human resources especially for technology companies. For the employers, the OPT period allows them to evaluate the employed international students in the working environment, and that process will require a certain amount of time. Besides, employers usually spend a period of time as well as other resources to train a new employee. It's not efficient to hire an employee for such a short period as one year (the original OPT period). A longer OPT period will allow those employees to actually produce values to the employers, and to the industries and the economy of the US.

Expanding the extension does let the international STEM students stay longer, but it is still and always an non-immigrant working permission. It can't be compared to "green card" and it won't evolve into that. It makes the international students more competitive than themselves without the extension, but it doesn't mean to make domestic students any less competitive. The international students being more competitive brings positive competition to the job market and academic areas, encouraging both international and domestic students to improve themselves.
