Chloe Du I fully support this proposal. 
I think some comments are not reasonable. I saw people commented like "citizens is becoming worth less and less". It's ironic because US is an immigrant country. This country was established and developed by so-called "non-citizens". Excluding immigrants into U.S is not good for national development. This proposal is for the benefit of those foreign students who have the skills and knowledge to work in this country, it's not for the students who are lack of skills. So the students who can stay longer in US according to this proposal are TALENTS.Talents would only make the US citizens' structure better. 
Also, this proposal is just intended to extend the OPT for STEMS, it's not a promise to allow all the foreign students to become US citizens. Even this proposal is approved, the foreign students still have to apply for H1B later, and then green card. Only a small part of them will successfully get the green card. I think this proposal is intended to allow the foreign students a little more time to make contributions to this country. It's true that some US citizens lost their job opportunities to some talented foreign students, but it's not a problem of the foreign students. Will a skilled and educated US citizen lose the job to a foreign student? NO. If Apple clears out all the non-citizen programmers, can all the positions be filled by citizens without affecting the company's development? NO. It's a law that the strong survived everywhere. If US governments let the foreign students go back to their home countries once they completed their degrees here, then the students would apply the knowledge got in US to develop their home countries, then US will have more competitors around the world especially in the technology field. US government should create better environment for the talented immigrants to stay longer. In this way, the country develops better and more people have the motivation to study and work harder. This a wise decision for the country. 
I support this proposal.
