mingyu wang I strongly support the OPT extension not only for international students' but also for US citizens' benefit. Here are my 5 reasons:
1) Extension will help US startups have more less expensive high-level technical support.
FACT 1: Everybody knows why startup is so important to American.
FACT 2: US has never stop importing high education talent for the US job market demands. 
2) It is quite ridiculous for some negative comments saying that international students will harm the US citizens' employment.
Employers never employ students because they are international students!
Actually, it is a common sense that every employer wants to get the BEST students to meet their company's demand!
The BEST students can be US students as well as international students. The negative comments are assuming US students are inferior to international students which is absolutely TOTALLY WRONG! 
3) To be honest, I think international students will push US students to work harder to make themselves more competitive in the job market. I don't know why any US students will against for this extension as long as they believe in their ability, their potential and their creativity. 
Actually US students' good communication skills will directly makes them more likely to get the job.
4) Extension only helps the skilled international students have more TIME to get a job. BUT extension doesn't give any direct advantage to international students in their job interview or resume.
Actually a lot of employers are willing to choose US students because they want them to work for more than 10 years. 
Being a US citizenship doesn't necessarily mean he/she will get a job even if he/she doesn't have any skill.
There is no country on the earth would grantee this, it would GREATLY HARM those citizens who work very hard to make their country prosperous. 

5) The reason why there is so many negative comments here is actually those who believe in themselves' or their children's abilities and potential US citizens don't care too much about the extension. They will still do the right thing to improve their competitiveness. 
I think people comments on this extension can be classified to these groups of people (involvement rate from high to low):
1: International students who need more TIME to gain some job experience.
2: Less competitive US citizens who are not willing to improve themselves and stay where they are.
3: US citizens who have wrong concept regarding to what is the benefits and rights a US citizen should have.
4: US employers who are suffering from finding the good employees.
5: Active US citizens who have discovered the benefits form international students.

As a conclusion, the listed 5 reasons make me definitely support this OPT extension from a NEUTRAL position.
