Yixing Huang I believe the STEM OPT extension is beneficial to the United States instead of hurting it, for few reasons:

1. American companies can gain more benefits if the extension go through for F-1 visa nonimmigrants, since now the the F-1 visa holders cannot keep working unless getting H-1B working visas in a year, for companies, if they are satisfied with the workers, they also face the risk of losing talented workers. If the companies have the 24 month extension, there are much more time for H1-B applications, hugely reduce the probability of losing good workers. In addition, 2 year extension means that the sponsorship fee for the visas with drop with respect of the companies.

2. US needs STEM field technicians and specialists. The economy is more and more relying on the STEM field, meanwhile, there are great needs for the STEM fields graduates. American born graduates are not enough for the booming needs, so having nonimmigrant workers are important.

3. There will be backfire on controlling the numbers of immigrants if canceling OPT STEM field extensions. Many international students coming to United States for the educations and working experience, with the great improvement of their homelands' economies, for example China, many international students do not have desires of being US citizens or permanent residents. However, if there is no OPT STEM field extension, it tremendously decreases the probability for international students of getting jobs. Since there is no job experiences, there will be two outcomes, first one is the drop of international students, which is bad for the universities since international students pay much more tuitions; second is increase of people applying for immigrants, because the parents will pay more money to do investor immigrants so that their children have much higher chances of getting jobs on the US market.

Generally, the OPT STEM extension not only is good for the international students, but also good for the America itself, and that's why homeland security are in favor of it. It will be a double-win solution.
