Michel Ding The new OPT extension regulation is absolutely necessary for the science and technology development in the US and will further benefit the economy growth as well as the job market. I strongly support this regulation.

Due to the increasing difficulties in exploring new area and developing new technologies these days, most of the research program will lasts for more than two years (the average funding duration between FY2011 to FY2013 in NSF is 2.9 yr, according to the NSF budget report, https://www.nsf.gov/about/budget/fy2013/pdf/04_fy2013.pdf), and the need for keeping the legal status of foreign researchers during this period is high. Since a research program would inevitably be delayed and harmed if the researchers participating in the project left the team, to ensure the quality of the research and the timely delivery of the results, this regulation is absolutely a necessity. Similar situation also happens in industry where the duration of developing a new product from its initial conception is usually more than three years. So by granting the qualified foreign students more time to work on the STEM project legally, every party in the research project, both in academic and industry, will put more attention on the project itself and do not need to worry about a potential loss of team members due to the their working authorizations. 

Furthermore, by implementing such extension, more and more foreign students will be attracted to study in the US, which would bring huge amount of revenue to the academic institutions. As an example, more and more Chinese family are willing to pay more than sixty thousand dollars per year to send their child to study in the US. The universities, as a result, could use this money to purchase new equipments, hire more faculties and improve the financial aid systems. All of these activities will help to attract more good students to the US. Other business like house/apartment rental, dining service and local transportation would also get benefit from the spending of foreign students, which will improve the overall economy situation.

As to the job market, since the US companies can have more qualified high-tech workers to choose, they would become more competitive than their peers on the global market. As a result, more job opportunities will be created and everyone in that field will get benefit from the booming market.

In summary, this regulation is very necessary to keep the science and technology researches in the US going smoothly and healthily, and will further boost economy growth in the US and improve the job market.
