David P. I fully support this proposal for 3 reasons: 1:foreign STEM students are important supplemental workforce for US; 2: STEM students help to prosper US economy which eventually create more jobs; and 3: US should keep those talents. I will explain in the following paragraphs.

It's human nature for some US citizens to think that these foreigners who can work at US for more than 2 years are stealing Americans' jobs. They just saw them working on the land of US. But the the truth is not that simple as what they saw. Just take a look at the campus of top US colleges like MIT and Stanford, in some departments like CS and ME, almost half of the students come from abroad. These foreign STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math) students are growing into important supplemental workforce for US, especially for the industry like IT and Engineering. Job market is not as simple as math that you minus one and add another one. You cannot kickoff all foreigners and replace those positions with American people. The fact is that if you lay off all foreigner employees in companies like Google and Apple, there is no way you can find enough American Employees. Don't trust me you can talk to any conscious recruiter. Someone may say why should I care about companies like Google and Apple, I don't work for them. But indirectly we might all work for them. Google and Apple have their suppliers in US; their products need US distributors to send to customers; they cooperate with countless US companies. Without those foreign STEM students, US companies will lose talents and become less competitive. That's why foreign STEM students are important.

It's even short-sighted to terminate OPT extension. In short term, some Americans with no job might get one because workforce in US job market is low without those STEM students. But in long term, even more Americans might lose their job. As explained previously, foreign STEM students are important workforce and without them a bunch of US companies will get into trouble, which will definitely be a disaster to US economy. US economy just recovered from 2008 crisis and things are going well. We can't afford another dramatic drop in short term. Foreign STEM students are not thieves that taking away Americans' money, in stead they are contributors by working for US company and paying tax. They help to prosper US economy, and good economy will definitely lead to more jobs in US market, which eventually benefit everyone in US.

Last but not the least, US should not throw those valuable talents away. US maintains its leading position on earth for decades because it can attract the most smart people in the world to work for it. US colleges are cultivating the most talented students and sending them to support US industry. In such a competitive global environment, it's stupid to spend American tax payers' money to train foreign students, and generously send them back to their countries. Many of them are highly talented and they can be great contributors of US.Just give them a chance to work in US. Companies are not foolish, and they only hire those competitive STEM students. 

