Anonymous As a PhD Engineer on OPT, I truly believe that the OPT STEM extension will greatly benefit the US economy and lead to more jobs and hiring for both F-1 students and American citizens. This should be supported. Here are a few comments regarding the proposal:

SECTION G. Safeguarding U.S. Workers Through Measures Consistent With Labor Market Protections is unnecessary/needs reform:
F-1 students educated in STEM higher degrees at US institutions have positively impacted crucial American research and development in a wide variety of fields ranging from healthcare, biotechnology, energy, advanced materials, and information technology. The OPT STEM extension is an important mechanism through which such economic growth can be facilitated especially in fields where there is a dire need for highly skilled workers. 
It is a misconception that hiring foreign students on OPT put US citizen workers' jobs in dangers. There is no data to support that claim. In the half decade I have spent here, I am yet to come across a similarly skilled US citizen (who typically get a head start due to programs such as the NSF graduate fellowship) graduated from a STEM field who doesn't have a job or has been displaced due to an F-1 OPT worker. On the contrary, the economic growth brought about addition of international students on OPT can lead to more jobs and more hiring of both international students and American citizens. 
Rapid growth in engineering occupations often occurs in small companies/start ups. Especially true in the case of biotechnology and high technology sectors where there has been a boom in VC funding. Most small companies having a work force of 1-10 employees hire only extremely essential personnel. Whether this essential personnel is an American citizen or an international student on OPT should be left at the discretion of the private, for-profit organization. Expecting an organization that is short on cash - where even CEOs sometimes work for low wages to reduce their burn rate - to accommodate regulatory costs of OPT STEM extension compliance is a disservice to the economic growth. This may also discourage them from specifically hiring OPT students even if OPT students are the only ones who have applied and have the necessary skills and experience required to contribute to the company's growth. Small businesses are often sites of robust innovation and rapid growth that can lead to further growth. Employer costs (for eg. Table 10) associated with the proposed OPT STEM rule - brought in place to accommodate ill-founded concerns about American STEM workers being directly impacted by temporary non-immigrant students - can negatively impact small businesses (an even large businesses in the current economic climate). I think it will be best if DHS/USCIS instead focused on better regulating the H-1B visas with such wage protections and compliance costs (duties, hours, compensation, mentoring plan) if they haven't already. It is high time there is H-1B visa reform to retain highly skilled labor instead of outsourced IT workers - which was specifically the concern US workers claiming to be affected. OPT STEM extension is a training program - that under section G of the proposed rule can turn out to be more expensive for employers and students alike. Training can be voluntary as far as the employer and student are concerned. 
On the other hand, the costs of displacing foreign students on OPT (especially PhD students) can have a dire impact. PhD students typically receive taxable stipends for their graduate research assistantships using government funded grants from NSF, NIH, DoD. After graduation, the OPT and OPT extension is the ONLY way they can repay their "debt" to funding agencies by using their highly specialized skills, education and experience to help grow the American economy. Needless to say, all income received during this period is taxable, and is spent on businesses within the United States. In a growing and flexible economy, labor markets often adjust to increase in supply. This kind of protectionism isn't sustainable. 

SECTION D. Mentoring and Training Plan is unnecessary /needs reform: Adds additional burden to the employer with no concomitant benefits and may discourage employers from hiring OPT workers against the best interests of the company and the economy. There is no doubt that work experience in any organization where the employee reports to a supervisor, involves to training and mentoring. Expecting employers to fill out paperwork to demonstrate the same is a redundant exercise with no direct benefits to anyone involved. In fact, most big companies have such mentorship programs already. However, expecting private/public companies to share such employee records which may be considered confidential takes time and resources away from other productive work. 
Lastly, who knows - time and money saved from reforming Sections D & G of current proposed plan may allow for hiring of more workers. 


