Zhengyang Zuo I strongly support the extension of STEM OPT. The reasons are as follows.

1. The extension will attract more foreign students to the United States, and foreign students would contribute a lot to the U.S. economy. Now many other countries have pushed out new acts or regulations to attract more foreign students to their countries for education. If the U.S. doesnt provide better acts or regulations for foreign students, it would lose more and more top foreign talents. So, why is this important? Because foreign students can contribute significantly to the U.S. economy. Firstly, foreign students bring about significant amount of educational investments, and a lot of bright minds to the U.S. This actually helps a lot of U.S. colleges to improve their quality of education. Secondly, newly graduated foreign students, especially those in STEM OPT, can bring new blood to high-tech companies, which is essential for these companies, as there are usually more positions than available talents for them. Thirdly, foreign students can help improve local economy of where theyre living or studying. For example, in Pittsburgh, you can always see a lot of foreign students in restaurants, cinemas, supermarkets, shopping malls, etc. They actually help improve the economy, and provide new jobs for local people.

2. The STEM OPT extension is only for QUALIFIED foreign students, and it won't take americans' jobs away (as stated in a bunch of negative comments). I saw some negative comments saying that the government shouldn't extend OPT for "illegals", or simply "foreigners". But the thing is that, students that are qualified for STEM OPT extension have legal visa at the U.S., so they are not "illegals". Meanwhile, they must work in STEM industries in E-Verify companies, which require adequate supervision and examination from U.S. government, and only a part of foreign students have this qualification. Thus, students that are qualified for STEM OPT extension are not simply "foreigners. They are highly-skilled talents that can contribute to industries.
