Tina Rivera I strongly support extending the OPT period for graduates with STEM degrees for the following reasons.

1. STEM-related industries play an increasingly important role to the economy. Unlike traditional industries which regular labors can contribute to, these high-tech industries require people with years of specialized training to research on and develop cutting-edge technologies. STEM majored students already get proper training from their studies at universities. The OPT enables them to put their knowledge into practice, through which they can grow into qualified employees to contribute to the high-tech industries. However, a 12-month OPT period is not enough considering the efforts it takes to gain experience in a highly challenging STEM area. Many graduates must leave US after the 12-month period because of visa issues, rendering their education and training in the US wasted. If the OPT period were extended by 24 months, they would have sufficient time to contribute to the US economy and might even convert to H-1B visa to continuously contribute to the US economy in the long run.

2. An important factor that attracts international students to study in the US is the job opportunity. Without a sufficiently long OPT period, it is difficult to obtain a work visa directly after graduation. If students could not work in the US after they graduate, they would not have come in the first place. Many talented international students already get the best possible education in their home countries, which costs tremendous amount of public resource. If they could be attracted to work in the US, they would contribute to the US economy at the cost of taxpayers money from other nations. On the contrary, if US fails to attract the talents, they would contribute to their home countries, which are potential competitors in many high-tech industries, such as China and India. 

3. America is a melting pot, where people with the American Dream should have equal opportunity for prosperity and success. Obamas immigration reform legalized illegal immigrants. It would be unfair to F1 students who have come to the US through years of efforts on the most challenging STEM subjects, if they were not offered proper work opportunity. Besides, the immigration reform encourages illegal immigrants, most of who belong to the low-income group and thus are burden to the society. In contrast, statistics shows that STEM graduates earn 30% more over the average income of all majors. So, STEM graduates contribute significantly to the tax revenue throughout their career. If they were turned away, the driving force of economy would be gone and the degradation of economy would be in the future. 
