Vinay Reddy I strongly support the proposal for OPT extension.

However students with degrees such as MBA should also be considered for the OPT extension. Top MBA colleges in US boast about diversity in their student population. But in recent times BSchools are being very selective as they are skeptical about the employability of their international students and are afraid that it will affect their BSchool rankings and reputation, ultimately leading lower percentage of international students in their programs.

The international MBA students spend significantly more on education than their American counterparts due to the additional fee and expenses. Most international students, especially students from India take education loans at a very high interest rate (as high as 14%) only to study at a top BSchool with a constant fear of not getting employed as top employers are reluctant to bear the additional cost and efforts in hiring an employee on H1B visa. Students may not even get selected to work under OPT, as some employers view it as wasteful training for a person whose likelihood to continue working is uncertain. Many intelligent and qualified students come to US considering it as the land of opportunity, but eventually go home devastated with shattered dreams and a huge debt. 

Although the new rule proposes OPT extension for students with a non-STEM Master's degree and an undergrad STEM degree from a US university, it is of little help as majority of the international students have a STEM degree from non-US universities. International students with an MBA are high achievers and generally have 4-5 years of experience in STEM backgrounds. This experience with a well-rounded MBA knowledge is invaluable to high technology industries which the US is trying to revive now.

One more aspect often ignored is the value of diversity international students bring for US organizations operating internationally, especially ones with big plans to invest in emerging economies.

I request the DHS to formulate rules which are international student friendly, after all the USA could not have been what it is now, if not for the contribution of international community. 
