Mengwei He I do support the ruling by the DHS.

There are not enough US STEM students to meet the growing demand in STEM sectors. Attracting foreign STEM students can fill in the gap of labor shortage, thus improving the production capability in such sectors. In doing so DHS is not being unfair to American workers as the majority of them are not in STEM fields. If we need to create jobs to such American workers we probably need to do something else rather than refusing STEM students to practice their skills in the US for a few years.

Also, foreign students can be beneficial to the US in other economic ways too. According to data from NAFSA, from 2013 to 2014, international students contributed $26.8 billion in value to the economy, and thereby creating more than 340000 jobs. Instead of taking away American's jobs, they are creating more jobs for the Americans. Allowing them work for a longer period gives even more stimulus to our recovering economy.

By being more open to foreign students, the US can potentially attract some outstanding talents who can be of particular value to the STEM sector. Instagram's co-founder Mike Krieger for example, is a Brazilian. Allowing extension of OPT can let such talents demonstrate their value to our economy and the fields they are working in. After their OPT period we can let them stay using immigration visa and continue contributing to our economy.

American academia can benefit from more STEM talents from abroad too. They can intellectually contribute to the STEM academia through research. Such fact has occurred in the past. During World War II, many prominent European scientists like Albert Einstein, Enrico Fermi fled to the US for safe haven and they helped science and technology in the US to flourish. The rise of the US in many scientific and technological fields after WWII can be attributed to the influx of foreign STEM talents during and after the WWII period.

The length of the proposed period is appropriate. Since many STEM fields involve scientific research. For STEM firms, they need ample time (most probably longer than one and a half year) to train their employees before they can truly contribute to the firms.

