Sophia W. Yes, I strongly agree with this proposed rules. Extending the OPT for STEM students not only benefits these international students but also benefits the people here and the development of the country and economic. 
Technology is the main trend of the development. There are lots of demands for STEM major jobs/positions in the market. This rule creates the supplement for this demand, and benefits the development of the economic. There will be certainly damages to many companies whose current employees are students and holding the OPT visa. Those employees are well educated after school, and well trained after one to two years intern in the company. They are talented, experienced workers, and ready to make their contributions to the company, but may have to leave the company and back to their countries if this rule doesn't pass. It's certainly a loss to these companies since it costs a lot to hire and train these people, and eventually would hurt the economic. 
I know many Americans worried about their job opportunities. They thought these students will take their jobs instead, but I don't think so. All of the companies are here for profits. Each jobs have requirements. It's not because they are STEM international students that the company hire them, it's because they are the right people who fits the positions well. Those students here are only making the job market more competitive, and competition only generates good results, like higher standards, more productive, and etc. If you can't take the job, no matter you are Americans or international students, it's not about the legal status, it's because you are not good enough for this position. Even though this rule passed, if the international students can't find the jobs, they cannot stay. 
Thirdly, America is an immigration country. The culture is very diversified. The reason why America developed so rapidly in a short time is because the country is open to everyone, especially those talented people. If the people here worried about losing the jobs to these people, and turn them back, America will loss lots of talented persons/genius/engineers, etc, which is certainly not good for the development of the US.
