Feiran Wang I agree with this program. OPT for STEM majors is a very important attraction for international students to come to study in the US. Thus it is not acceptable to take their money (tuition and living expenses) and then let them go home. It is part of the tuition. Otherwise, there won't be enough international students coming which will cause a huge depression of the US Economy. 

What the opponents said was completely wrong and fake. They said that it is hard for American people to find a job! This is the most ridicules joke that I have ever heard. I have been applying for jobs, and what I saw was that half of the companies only hire US permanent resident and US citizens. For the rest, if an American has skills at the same level as an international student, companies give US citizen the higher priority for sure. It comes for multiple reasons.

First, US citizens have better communication skills which will make leadership and personal charm stand out.

Second, US citizens don't have identification problems. As long as they perform well, they can keep working for the companies which is highly desired by the company. For international students, because if they can't get an H1B visa before OPT expires, they have to leave, which is a great loss of companies. And this is the reason why a lot of companies don't want to hire international students.

Third, Opponents say that international students are cheaper since they don't have to pay medicare and social security tax. It is just wrong! Companies spend much more money and effort in order to keep the international employee's valid working authorization. 7% of tax ends up around 5000 dollars, and this is much less than applying for an H1B lottery and the effort of HRs. 

For the government, when you consider the comment here, please don't just judge it by the number, but see if they give sufficient reasons. Since one member of WATW can post hundreds of comment in a day with just emotional words, like "I really oppose this program. Please give jobs to American people first" with different random names. If there is no reasonable logic, it should not be considered as a valid post because that is definitely an abuse of the system.
