Kevin Mao I strongly support OPT and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. In short term, the OPT extension regulation will not only benefit hundreds of thousands foreign students with opportunities of contributing their capabilities and efforts to making the USA better, but also benefit all the US and state governments with billions dollars tax contributions. In long term, the OPT extension regulation can help the US maintain its worldwide leadership in attract the most competent talents from all over the world, and remain its leadership in science research, high technology, and economic competitiveness. 

At first, please allow me to use myself as an example to illustrate what the beneficiaries of OPT extension regulation can directly contribute to this country in short term. I obtained my PhD from Columbia University and currently worked at the North America research and development headquarter of a global pharmaceutical company. The project that I am working on is to develop a novel drug to help asthma patients overcome the disease and improve their health. I have been studied in the area of my specialty for more than 12 years since receiving high level education. Now it is the golden period of my career life: I have accumulated substantial professional knowledge and techniques to fulfill the job of a scientific researcher in new drug development; I also have sufficient passion on dedicating myself onto my research work. I am willing to and very glad to contribute my capabilities and efforts to help more than 235 millions asthma patients stop suffering from the disease and get their health and life back. The new OPT extension regulation allows me to continue my contribution to the project. I believe that, myself is just an example of the hundreds of thousands foreign students who are contributing or going to contribute our talents and efforts to improving variety of aspects of the USA. I cannot see any disadvantage in allowing me to continue my research and work so as to improve the welfare of millions of asthma patients in this country, and cannot understand any reason for stopping people like us to contribute their talents and efforts to this country. Moreover, among the hundreds of thousands of STEM students who are working by using OPT, most of them are above the median level of gross income among the US citizens. They will contribute billions of dollars tax to the federal and state governments, and to the social security and medicare programs. The governments can make use of this money to help the low income US families or citizens who temporarily lose their jobs. If the OPT extension regulation was shut down and thus they would have to leave US in sudden, who would be able to replace them with making this huge tax contribution to the governments? No one could. So, it is the people who need help from governments that would be adversely impacted by stopping the OPT extension regulation.

At second, as the leader of the world, the USA needs to continuously abstract the most talented persons from all over the world, so as to remain its leadership in each single aspect of the society. Especially, if USA would like to maintain its leadership in scientific research and technology development, continuously absorbing highly educated talents in STEM fields from all over the world is definitely necessary and should sit in the core of the country long-term developing strategy. Looking back at the huge successes of USA in economy, politic, culture, and military, every single achievement involves the contributions from talents who come from the other countries. The new OPT extension regulation will serve perfectly for the aforementioned long-term strategy in absorbing highly educated talents in STEM. It shows to the world that the USA would like to open her arms to embrace all the competent individuals in science and technology areas who wish to pursue their career dreams in this country. Each of their individual successes will demonstrate the long-lasting success of this country, as that is in the light of the American dream spirit. Thinking on behalf of the long-term welfares of USA citizens, the new OPT extension regulation is truly a long-term beneficial policy, which may not be clearly seen by someone myopic.
