YUCHUAN ZHUANG I support this proposed rule. I do understand that this STEM OPT extension program would stir fear of fewer job opportunities and lower salaries for US citizens. By listing my reasons and supporting evidences below, however, I hope this comment can clear two most common misconceptions about STEM OPT and illustrate my standpoint: the benefit of the proposed rule overweighs the cost, and the extension for STEM OPT is indeed necessary.
The first misconception is that STEM OPT would result in fewer job opportunities for US citizens because international students will take those opportunities away. Current unemployment rate is usually listed to strengthen this argument. However, this overall unemployment rate cannot represent every job sector, especially in the STEM field. According to a 2013 report published by the Information Technology Industry Council (http://www.renewoureconomy.org/research/help-wanted-the-role-of-foreign-workers-in-the-innovation-economy/), while the national unemployment rate hovers around 8%, the unemployment rate for US citizens with a master or PHD degree in STEM is well below 4%. Unemployment is even lower in some STEM fields such as petroleum engineers (0.1%), statisticians (1.6%) and computer network architects (0.4%). Given that the US government has defined full-employment to be 4%, the data suggest that unemployment is nearly non-existent in STEM-related fields.. from: 1point3acres.com/bbs 
In fact, it is much more difficult for US companies to find qualified candidates for STEM occupations than their non-STEM counterpart. According to a 2014 Brookings report (http://www.brookings.edu/research/interactives/2014/job-vacancies-and-stem-skills#/M10420), health care and computer jobs are advertised 23 and 15 days longer, on average, than openings for non-STEM occupations. This indicates that STEM skills are in short supply in the labor market, relative to demand. .
Since foreign students are not eligible for STEM OPT unless they study STEM majors and applied for STEM-related jobs/interns, students with OPT would only affect the STEM fields, and thus will not take any job opportunities away from US citizens.
The second misconception is that companies may favor foreigners with STEM OPT over US citizens because they can provide lower wages to the former. This proposed rule specifically address this concern in the section Safeguarding U.S. Workers Through Measures Consistent With Labor Market Protections. To summarize the key points, the proposed rule require that the workers on OPT should receive commensurate compensations, duties and hours with similarly situated U.S. workers. Besides, companies will not terminate, lay off or furlough a U.S. worker due to offering STEM OPT to a foreign student. Employers are required to provide DHS with foreign students wage information, and DHS has the right to deny any STEM OPT if above requirements are not strictly followed. All of these ensure that the rights and benefits of U.S. workers are properly protected.
After clearing the common misconceptions, it is worth mentioning that the proposed new rule benefits U.S. people. As mentioned in the study done by NAFSA, foreign students consistently contribute tremendously amount of money to the U.S. economy. In the 2013-2014 academic year, they made a net contribution of 26.8 billion USD, including tuition and living expenses. The incentives that drive foreign students to come to U.S. for further study are not only better education opportunities, but also a more promising career. With the help of STEM OPT, foreign students can develop their professional skills in world-renowned high-tech companies after graduation. This greatly helps them to apply their knowledge to actual job market, and thus better prepares them for their career. In turn, these foreign STEM students in the high-tech field would bring innovative ideas to the industry, creating new companies, creating more jobs and making profits for the states. According to CNNMoney 
To sum up, STEM OPT will not steal job opportunities from U.S. citizens, nor will it lower the welfare of U.S. workers. On the contrary, this new rule is proposed to protect U.S. citizens and bring fortune and brainpower to the States.
