Pavel Zhang I definitely support a longer (24 months or more) OPT extension for STEM students.

First, the STEM graduates are not occupying American people's jobs but instead, STEM graduates are significantly needed in the US job market. There are still increasing number of job positions that lack of qualified candidates, especially in technology industries. After a rigorous STEM training in the American institutes, the STEM graduates are energetic in contributing to the America's industry, academia, health systems, etc. Holding the top STEMS graduates in this country is the key to enhance the leadership of the US in the world. In other word, it is a profound loss of the US economy if the top STEM graduates, educated by the US institutes, are forced to leave the US and contribute their ability and knowledge to other countries.

Second, the training for STEM graduates needs a longer period; therefore, an extended OPT is beneficial to the US employers. As the fast development of science and technology, a new graduate nowadays needs a much longer time to be trained in the job position. This lack of enough training period is especially inferior in team-based large projects. I have seen a lot cases that a team in a US company spent a lot of time on training a new STEM graduate to be an expert to able to contribute or lead a team. then suddenly the STEM graduate has to leave the country because his/her OPT is expired, and he/she has not got the H1B working visa yet. It is very common that this STEM graduate will find a similar job in a competitor company in other countries, which is definitely a loss of the US educational resources and the tax payer's money.

Last but not the least, the US educational institutions are losing the most excellent applicants from the world due to the limited training period of current OPT policy. When an international STEM student choose which country to go for a degree, the training policy is one of the most important factor to consider. Other countries, e.g., Australia, Canada, etc., are becoming more attractive than the US on this point. To keep the leadership of the US educational institutes in the world, we must stop this trend of losing the top students due to the lack of training after graduation. Therefore, I urge a more friendly OPT policy for international F1 students, and I believe this proposed policy is a step towards this direction.
