Serena Lyn This is a very important decision for all the stem students and the students who plans to achieve their degree in US.
1. The OPT program can attract more foreign students to study in U.S. Working is also a very important part of education. After finishing education, several years of working can fulfill a student not only in knowledge but also in communication, cooperation and keep studying.

2. The 2 year OPT extension may make a competitive job finding for the local people. However, the competition can give a positive effect to U.S. economics. We can see that the silicon valley took a significant position in U.S. GDP and the worldwide. Attracting more superb student is a wise strategy in develop high technique and keep the economic accelerating. Review several historical great leap in U.S. development, large amount of outstanding scientist has make a great contribution to the success of U.S. economy. We hope that the excellent student can achieve their dream on their career and make some contribution to U.S. This is such a lovely country. We breath the wind of freedom and hope that the new concept and culture from U.S. can be brought to the corner of the world.

3. More foreign student can improve the diversity of U.S. Diversity is vital important especially in U.S. The culture difference make people more understanding each other and learn from each other of the superb culture. We respect every people who dedicate themselves to their work. We respect people who independently living on their on. 

After study for a year in U.S. I grow much faster than ever before. The most important thing I learnt is integrity. I am moved by the smiling from people arounds me. I hope that after graduation, several year of working can make me a more complete person. I know I still have lots of shortcoming in my habits or personality. I believe that working also as a study program for student can improve myself not only in career but also in personality. After that, I will go back to my country. Hopefully I can bring the wind of freedom to my country. I believe the world will become much more better.
