Md Rajibul Al Mamun First, I would like to express my gratitude to DHS for publishing a proposed rule-making for STEM OPT extension in timely manner. OPT Extension (24-month) along with 12-month OPT will help international STEM students significantly because all academic, private or public organizations/companies require both academic knowledge and practical experience. OPT extension will help to grow American economy as well.

I would like to describe my personal circumstance. I have completed my first Master's in Agricultural Engineering from a U.S. research university. In that degree, I took few GIS (Geographic Information System) courses to implement GIS knowledge in Agricultural Engineering. Then I have completed my second Master's in Geography at the same university and worked in a NASA funded project as a graduate research assistant. Later, I recognized GIS major is defined as STEM (CIP code 45.0702 (Geographic Information Science and Cartography)) but Geography is not (CIP code 45.0701 (Geography)). However, most of the graduate level coursework and research of GIS (Geographic Information System) in the U.S. universities are offered in Geography departments. Additionally, offering PhD in GIS (CIP code 45.0702) is very rare in U.S. universities. Therefore, geography should be included as a STEM major.

Now, I am in OPT and gaining experience in GIS related area and would like to acquire 3 years (12 months OPT + 24 months OPT extension) practical experience and then I would like to go for my PhD in geography and would like to acquire practical experience again. Therefore, STEM OPT extension is crucial for me. If geography is not included as STEM, international students like me need to go another country for PhD in geography where we can complete PhD and achieve practical experience (e.g., 36 months) in this field. I also published a paper in a peer reviewed journal why geography should be included as STEM (doi:10.5539/jgg.v7n1p27): http://ccsenet.org/journal/index.php/jgg/article/view/43858/24468. I urge DHS to include geography (CIP code 45.0701) in STEM list so that we can pursue our PhD in geography from a U.S. university. Please feel free to contact with me if you need additional information.

Also, please make "exit and re-entry" easy for international students in OPT period. Initial OPT was 12 months and travelling outside of U.S. was no urgent issue for that period. However, now students need to travel home and come back in 36-month period (OPT 12 month and STEM extension 24 month). Therefore, please make visa available and quickly in OPT period.
