Chentian Zhang I fully suppot the proposed rule on extending OPT for F-1 students with a STEM major. The passing of this rule would benefit the US in many aspects.

First, STEM F-1 students constituted the majority of talent immigrants for the US. The immigrants have been a great help to make what US is today. They came to the US to receive good education and training, with a great portion eventually awarded with an advanced degree. They are equally gifted as domestic students. Being able to work for a US company is a good chance to pay back to this country, from which they receive good education. STEM extension makes this easier for F-1 students to work for the US. The contribution to GDP from these students is no different from domestic students.

Second, STEM F-1 students won't take jobs away from US citizens. First, they go through the same interview process as US citizens and they only have 3 months of time after graduation to land a job before they start packing and go home. So whoever is able to work under OPT must be very qualified for the job and they are able to find a job efficiently. Second, does US company really want to hire underqualified F-1 students because it cost them less? Abosulutely not. No company wants to jeopadize their workforce just because of cost. There are better ways to control cost and keep productivity. If a US company have two equally qualified candidates, one US citizen and one F-1 student, the company will definitely hire the US citizen. Most US company would have at least that much loyalty to their country, right? If they do go for underqualified candidates, will this company last long anyway?

Third, STEM extension provides a way to keep the most talented students in the US. This extension gives student more time and opporunity to grow in experience and knowledge. By the end of the extension, it would be really obvious for the US to decide who has the highest potential to grow. Also the most talented students would have time to be more experienced so they become more marketable to the US companies. They contribution of these students to the US after extension is substantial.

The passing of this rule will emphasize the determination of US to seek and attract top talents all over the world and stay as a leader in the world.
