YU PAN Dear Sir or Madam,
I am a Master student at Illinois Institute of Technology and my major is Electronic Engineering. I have been studied in US for almost two years and I really learnt much here.
I do love America not only because the most advanced technology and knowledge that I could study but also the friendly learning environment and actively discussion. In a long time, I always think that all I need to concern about is how to focus on my major and create some new technology with the effort of my classmates and me.
However, the news that someone argues about the extension of optional practical training (OPT) for certain students with degrees in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics (STEM) from U.S. institutions of higher education really shocked me up. Students just like me are only will to focus on our major for the entire human beings and we could create more value for the United States of America. Thus it is a better choice to give us more time to study and work here.
It is my lucky to get the opportunity to have an internship in Motorola Company this summer vacation. I just work as a tester and test the function of Motorola phones. During this precious experience, some American friends that I meet in the company told me that they really dont like testing and coding as everyday do, thats the reason there are not many Americans here. In addition, as I know, the majority of Americans do really dislike this kind of repetitive jobs. However, Chinese and Indians are good at coding and used to duplicate work, meanwhile, they can sum up experience from the repetition. Therefore, it is obviously that we can help American to finish this kind of work. In my view this is one kind of cooperation and mutual benefits.
From this commonly seen example, there is no doubt that it is much better to give the extension of OPT. With this kindness, we will focus on our study and work hard for the whole society. Believe me and please do me a favor. Thank you all so much and God bless you.

Best wishes,
Yu Pan 
