NIKHIL CHANDRA I support this rule for the following reasons-

1. The OPT STEM extension is a great way to attract the brightest minds from around the world to study at American universities. Very few students would pay hundreds of thousands of dollars to come study at American universities if it didn't guarantee at least 2.5 years of practical training at the end. 

2. International students are not stealing American jobs. Most, if not all international US university STEM grads who work here end up being successful in their career. This, in turn, creates a lot more jobs for Americans and internationals alike. If I'm successful and bring a lot of value to my company, it will generate more revenue for the company, and they can use that to grow their organization. Therefore it is a win-win situation for everybody. So this is an important thing that one has to keep in mind as this was primary reason for court over-ruling the previous STEM extension. 

3. One of the things that DHS can restrict on is putting a cap on those non-immigrants on H1-Visa who pursue job in US without formal education in US. Thus having a formal US education in the form of Masters/PhD should be made mandatory for anyone who wants to work in US. This would also ensure that international students or any non-immigrants have the required qualification and quality. This would also prevent organizations such as Disney (which hired workers H-1 workers most of whom did not have education in US) from practicing these bad norms.

Some of the consequences if the rule is not passed can be. 
1. Lack of diversity in America. Students spend around hundreds of thousands of dollar in an average STEM university and if the rule is not passed not many would prefer to come to these prestigious universities, thus sidelining america in a way over the next few years. Many of the greatest scientists America has produced have been non-immigrants and thus had they not come to here the world would have missed out on some greatest innovations. 

2. Some of the major companies would then want to shift their base to other countries as its the quality of the employee that would help the companies growth and not the fact whether he is an American or not. Thus this can be seen as a form of racism that would certainly raise issues. 

I would like for the USCIS to not only pass this rule, but also consider expanding H1B visa availability for STEM graduates of US universities. We were trained by your professors (most of whom were immigrants themselves), and we spent thousands of dollars coming to America to get access to opportunity and provide a lot of value in return. We need to bring reform to this broken immigration system. Highly skilled immigrant workers should not have to struggle through the various hoops of the immigration system remain in this country.
