Sulora Feng I strongly support OPT STEM extension.

Firstly, it is the key to the success of our country, the United States. We are providing the best higher education to the best students all over the world. It does not make any sense if we just let them leave the US, return to their original country, and contribute with all they've learned in the US. Why the US is the strongest country in the world? Because we have the best people - the best scientists, the best engineers, the most advanced technologies. A large part of the most successful figures in science and industry in the US are originally international students. They received the best education, and then start to contribute to this country, using the OPT and OPT STEM extension opportunities. Without these wonderful opportunities, they would have returned to their own country, start their business, lead their research, serve for their military forces, and help their own country to surpass the US.

And also China government is planning so many attractive policies to make overseas students come back to China and extremely encourage them to learn advanced technologies from US and contribute to home country. Why?!Because this is the age of striving for talents!!

Some people hold the narrow and one-sided opinion that international students are seizing the job opportunities of US native workers. This is very short-sighted, and just, rediculous and selfish. Most of the international students who need OPT STEM extension receive the highest education in the US, and they are seeking opportunities like engineers and scientists. Are we having too many engineers and scientists in the US? No!!! We have too few of them. China, India, Russia and Brazil are spending a huge amount of money to attrack the best scientists and engineers to go to their countries; and we, the US, are thinking of expelling them because they are seizing job opportunities of local workers? How many of our local workers are qualified for the top-level scientists and engineers positions that require years of master or even doctoral level training? I don't know the exact number, but I believe 0.01% might be an over-estimate. From my opinion only weak people are afraid of competing and worrying about other outstanding people will take the jobs from them !!

Actually capable foreigners are really needed and important because of the Catfish Effect !!! If there is no competition, the natives will get lazy and cozy! Is it helpful for the future development of United states???

Besides,in the long run , we strongly believe that the OPT STEM extension opportunity will create more job opportunities for our local people. Many of the international students are seeking for scientists and engineering positions, and they need the opportunity to gain working experience in the US. But mostly they are not going to always stay in these companies. They want to start their own business in the US, and hire local people. No one doubts that the United States is the best place to start your business, and now is the best time, than ever. Many of our most impactful and successful companies are originally start-up companies, and many of them are started by international students. Do you know Nvidia, the largest manufacture of graphics processing units in the world? It is founded by a Taiwanese, named Jen-Hsun Huang. If he did not have the opportunity to work in the US, there would be no Nvidia, thus no general purpose GPU, no advancement in deep learning - a revolutionary achievement in artificial intelligence, no modern video games with lavish visual effects but still running smoothly on your laptop, and our supercomputers would be hundreds of thousand times slower than what we actually have now. 

In summmary, we should definitely support the improving and expanding of the training opportunities of international students. It is about the destiny of the country that we all love - the United States. Let's do not be short-sighted and allured by some dangerous immediate "benefit". If you really care about the future of our country, care about the future competence with all other talents from all over the world of your children, you should support the OPT STEM extension.
