Zhi Li I strongly support the passing of this new STEM OPT extension rule. To explain the obvious evidence, let me first try to address the biggest concern from those who are against this rule, which is the fear of losing job opportunities to the STEM degree international graduates. But are STEM international students really a big threat to the American citizens on the job market? Please consider that there are only 1.13 million international enrolled in US college this year, and not all of them are STEM students, and also not all of them STEM international students attempt to seek employment in the US. STEM is a relatively small portion in the US job market. So how would the small number of international student pose a threat to the large job market in the US? And how much would this impact the immigration population in the US? We all know that the US is facing serious immigration issues, but are any of these issues caused by international STEM students? Many of these international students are Asians. But the whole Asians consist of only 5.6% of the total American population. Many of these Asians studied STEM majors in the US and contributed to the US by working in relevant jobs. How are these Asians threatening the US job market and causing immigration issues? We all know that the answers to these questions would lead to the conclusion that STEM international student poses no threat to the US. 

In fact, STEM international students contribute to the US in numerous aspects. Before graduation, they pay tuition fees, taxes, and living expenses, which all help support the US economy. After graduation, if they work in the US, the STEM international students tend to work in academia, science areas, and high-tech industries, which are crucial to the competitiveness of the US power. And more often than not, these high-tech job opportunities lead to the creation of more jobs, which benefit the US society and all the US citizens on the job market. 

One would argue that, even without the STEM international students, there would be enough US citizens to make the same contribution. But let me ask this, why do you think the US universities admitted these STEM international students? First, they are talented and have great promise to make great contribution to the US science and research areas. Second, STEM majors are relatively less popular among the US citizen students. Therefore, this is not even considered a direct competition! US citizen students tend to choose non-STEM majors over STEM majors, while the US universities attempt to keep a sustainable students pool by admitting international STEM students. When these international student graduate and if they choose to seek employment in the US, they become a critical and indispensable source of talent to the relevant industries. Without these international students, there would be a serious shortage of qualified candidates for those high-tech jobs, because only a relatively small number of American citizens have been trained for these jobs. 

In summary, international STEM students pose no threat regarding job market or immigration issue because of their small number. On the other hand, they are great contributors and driving forces for the US economy, science, and technology. The new STEM OPT extension rule is an excellent approach to keep these talented people in the US for at least 24 months, and give them opportunities to contribute to the US. Therefore, I strongly support this new rule.
