Qinshu Xiao I strongly SUPPORT this proposal for the following reasons:

1. The high-tech companies' profit would be hurt without this proposal, since a lot of great foreign students in STEM cannot be hired by companies without this proposal. And then these great people will come back to their countries and join in local companies. And these local possibly become a next giant in high-tech industry at the future some day because of these great people's joining. Consequently, this company will challenge the status of American high-tech companies. Loss of customer, decline in profits, Are you sure that you want to see this? You want to see that there exists the next one Facebook, next one GOOGLE or next one Amazon outside America?

2. American people can also get benefit from this proposal. As more great students work in America, the more taxes they can create for American gov, since these people usually get a high salary in high-tech industry. The more taxes American receive, the better public service American people can get from the gov. I know a lot of Asian people work in Bay Area, they receive a really high salary, which are around 10K to 15K per week. However, about 30 percents of it they should hand in to California's gov as taxes. 

3. The existence of those people, i mean foreign students in STEM, cannot harm the possibilities American people can get a job, instead they increase these possibilities. You know, a company cannot work well if there are just engineers. It need a lot of management expertise to manage these engineers, it need a lot of designers to design its products...... And bigger a company become, it need more manager to organize the engineer's team, it need more lawyers to deal with the policy issues, even it also need more cleaners to clean their building which gradually become larger & wider. So, a lot of job positions a company can provide if it become a giant in its field. And these great students majoring in STEM just are the people who push it to bloom. You must know that there are so many Asian in Facebook, GOOGLE & Amazon. Why would those companies like to hire them? And why would those companies also hire a lot of American employees? 

SO, That's my point. I TOTALLY SUPPORT THIS PROPOSAL.

Thank you
