Please do not extend. 

A Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for Immigration Studies revealed two shocking takeaways about the OPT program that DHS proposes to expand:

OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.

The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program.
There are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the U.S. in addition to 98,000 in 12-month OPT programs and 30,000 in 29-month OPT programs. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines the job opportunities for American STEM workers.
OPTs are sought after by employers because they tend to be younger (cheaper) than their American competitors. Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range, but they cost Social Security about $1 billion dollars a year.
"Like other employment-visa programs, OPT works to lower the wages and living standards of a growing portion of the middle class."
"Although tech workers' wages have been flat for years and thousands of American STEM grads are out of work, tech executives and shareholders are rolling in money."
DHS "is neglecting its duty under federal guidance to discuss crucial economic considerations, such as how many OPT workers will be hired instead of American workers; how many STEM grads have given up finding work in the STEM field; how the new rule will affect tech-worker wages and American STEM-grad employment."
"Not only will this artificially expand the d