Rajat Goyal I am a graduate of the Masters in Financial Engineering Program from one of the top tier schools of the country (USA)- UC Berkeley. After graduation I landed a job at a top tier bank in a quantitative strategist role. My class had quite a few talented international students who have similar jobs at top tier banks, hedge funds, asset management firms and big data firms. Such jobs require specific specialized skills in maths, computing, statistics and finance which are not so easy to find in the market and hence the need for international candidates.

However, given the lack of visas, almost about half of the students in my class (despite being from top tier institutions like IIT, NUS & others) will be forced to leave the country as their 17 months of OPT will come to an end. The employers will then move them to other locations, causing great instability to their careers. Some of us are seriously considering moving to more immigrant friendly countries like Singapore and HongKong as a lot of such candidates feel that they do not deserve this sort of instability in their careers despite working hard and being sought after.

I think increasing the length of the OPT to 24 months is just the first baby step in the right direction. It will atleast enable us to gain a useful amount of work experience which we can then apply once we move out of USA. However, a reasonable buffer period should be included for people who are currently on the 17 month extension and would need to apply for the 24 months extensions.

Secondly, the cap gap feature has been very useful previously and has been tried and tested and should definitely be formalized.

Thirdly, I feel that the concern that STEM OPTs displace US workers is misplaced. Generally such candidates are paid salaries that are at par or higher than US candidates (only when the employer is ready to take in candidates who would require visa sponsorship in future and is fine with the uncertainty of losing the employee after 29 months due to lack of visa), The US Fed, a lot of government agencies and several private employers specifically exclude foreign/visa candidates altogether from recruitment. In fact STEM OPTs also come with the additional burden of the employer getting E-Verified which is not the norm in the financial industry. 

Several of my classmates are enterprising and would like to start their own firms. Getting a longer period of OPT would encourage that to happen as it is currently not possible to start your own firm under H1B.

Hence we support the OPT reforms that are proposed , including the extension to 24 months and the cap gap features. We are neutral to the requirement of mentorship program as it has not been tried before, Also, given the complexity & additional burden of the paperwork, employers may get further discouraged from hiring international candidates.

Thanks!
