Nijun Jiang I strongly SUPPORT the new OPT extension rule.
It's universally acknowledged that diversity is very important for the US. From the perspectives of history, it isn't difficult to be found that the introduction of a large number of foreign high-quality scientific and technological talents contributes a lot to the development of economic growth of the US, after World War II, and keeps it as top one in the world stage. There are hundreds of thousands of STEM foreigners active in the areas of Internet technologies, hardware companies, and even behind the scenes of movie industry in the Hollywood. It's the two-way selection and mutual win between the US and foreign STEM talents.
As we all know, America is famous for its attitude of opening and liberty, which attracts many STEM international students to study and work in the US. I'm an international electrical engineering master from China and hardware engineer intern at Carlsbad. Actually, there were multiple options for me to pursue my master degree in the Canada, Singapore, Netherlands, British and the US, before I came here. The most significant reason that I chose here is that I could use CPT and OPT/OPT extension to get industry training opportunities during or after graduation. That is, if this OPT extension rule was cancelled by some reasons, the US would lose its dominant position to attract so many foreign STEM talents every year to contribute their knowledge, passion and energy to this country. I can't imagine without OPT extension rule what would happen to most US high-tech companies, such as Apple, Intel, Qualcomm, Google, etc, which are supported by foreign STEM talents.
Besides, 12 months regular plus 24 months extension is a reasonable length for OPT program, in my opinion. Based on my experience and knowledge about my major, in IC industry, it's usual to take 2-3 year or more for most large research and development projects. There is no doubt that people need a long period of time to come out a new idea, learn a technology, design, check and revise it in the schematic/lay-out tool, tape it out through Silicon production line and eventually let the idea become true and work for people's everyday life. If the OPT extension is too short or even cancelled, it means that foreign STEM workers have to leave their positions before the completion of projects due to the termination of VISA.
Moreover, it takes money and time for a company to train STEM workers before they get familiar with the environment. The OPT extension rule has been lasting for several years so that most companies hire foreign STEM talents according to it. If it's cancelled by Feb next year, it would be a huge disaster to those high-tech companies since they would lose so many current foreign STEM workers due to this and it would be impossible for them to hire so many employees in so short time. Actually, when I talk about potential cancellation of OPT extension with some people in Human Resource department in high-tech companies, they also don't think it a good determination for them.
In the end, there still exists a lot of demand for STEM talents in the US and domestic students can't fill the vacancy, from my perspective. I don't think OPT extension will have influence in the employment for US citizens. On the one hand, it will be convenient for companies to hire domestic students because it let them free from support for VISA and background check for international people. On the other hand, there are relatively less domestic students in the STEM majors, actually. In the college where I pursued my master degree, it's clear that international students and professors consist of most departments of STEM majors. Since international students must engage in jobs related with their majors, OPT extension doesn't have impact to employment structure of US citizens. In contrast, the attraction to STEM talents in the use of OPT extension will contribute to the economic development and create more job opportunities for both the US, from long-term perspective.
Hope more people SUPPORT this rule!
