Chang Li I strongly support the improving and expanding OPT for F-1 students with STEM degree!!

OPT is a great opportunity for not only international student to work in the US after graduation but also the US government and the US citizen. I am surprised that some US-born Americans are against this rule. Many of the people who against this rule are not clear about what they are talking about. Some of the comments here are completely out of logic. I would like to argue them one by one:

1). Some people claim that international employees don't pay for their taxes. WRONG!! According to the regulations from the IRS, international employees are paying the same amount of taxes as native. However, they don't benefit as much as the US citizens. For example, a lot of international employees pay social security taxes (SST) during their stay in the US, but a lot of them leave the country after working here for a few years. And they won't be able to get refund on this portion of taxes even if they will not be benefited from SST they pay after they retire.

2). Some people claim that international employees will be a threat to the US citizens in job market. WRONG!! To work in the US, there are a lot of restriction for non-US citizens. It is true that in some fields such as IT and engineering, a lot of employees are foreigners. However, the reason of this is because a lot of the US citizens are not willing to study science and engineering. The IT companies are expanding so quickly these years so that only hiring the US citizens cannot fulfill the companies' expanding requirement. Fresh graduate international students take these positions and make their contribution to the development of the IT and engineering industry of the US. With the restriction of OPT, it is extremely difficult for these students to enter other industry if they are not in the related major. 

3). some people claim that international students take salary lower than the minimum wage to compete with US citizens unequally. WRONG!! For most international students, they work with LEGAL companies and pay their taxes. Their salary are definitely higher than the minimum wage. The situation of taking salary lower than minimum wage only applies to ILLEGAL immigrants. For illegal immigrants, they don't even have a chance to apply for OPT let alone use STEM extension. Please don't confound OPT with illegal working in the US.

Now I would like to state why STEM program is necessary not only to the international students but also to the US government and the US citizens:

1). STEM program provide a fairly long time (29 to 36 months) for international students to apply for H1B visa, therefore saves companies money in recruiting new people. If there is no extension on the program, employees who didnt get H1B visa will have to leave the country after 12 months employment. This will be a big loss for companies who hire and train them. 

2). As mentioned above, STEM program only applies to students who majored in science and engineering. The reason to have this program is help fill the vacancies in related industry in the US, since there are not enough native students majored in related fields. Thus, extending the practice time for international students in these fields will benefits all these high-yield tech companies in the US. Otherwise, where can you find such a huge number of intelligent, industrial and hard-working employees? 

3). The extension of STEM program will make studying in the US more attractive. Currently the US is still the country has the most international students in the world. Usually, international students benefits more on educational revenue since they pay more on their tuition fees. Having more international students studying in the US will also be an incentive for traveling market, since their parents and friends are more willing to come to the US to visit them.

Based on my statement, I believe the extension of STEM program is necessary and will be beneficial to the US government and US citizens. Arresting this rule is shortsighted and will be a big mistake, which will cost the US government millions of dollars. 
