Vito Giotta This proposed rule is open to literally every foreign person in the world regardless of the ability to succeed at a U.S. school thus, the regulation does not seek bright students. The F1 nonimmigrant classification is available to certain academic students seeking temporary admission to the United States as full-time students at an established college, university, seminary, conservatory, academic high school, elementary school, or other academic institution or in an accredited language training program. In short, every and any school is a qualifying school. Thus, by definition, any foreigner who wants to come to the U.S. to attend elementary school qualifies under this regulation. The 911 terrorist would have qualified under this broad definition.

To guard against adverse effects on U.S. workers, this proposal would require terms and conditions of a STEM practical training opportunity (including duties, hours, and compensation) to be commensurate with those applicable to similarly situated U.S. workers. This is deceptive. The Regulation and definitions ensure that there are no similarly situated U.S.worker. The Regulation deflect the issue away from this U.S. worker or this employer to other employers of the same {undefined} size anywhere in the world.Lastly, the Regulations require comparison of students with U.S. workers that is the proverbial apples vs. oranges false comparison, leaving U.S. workers with no protection by definition since no worker can ever be similarly situated to a student.
It Is Noted That The Regulation Does Not Refute That The U.S. Has Plenty Of Home Grown Scholars And Stem Student.

The Regulation has no plan (and no idea) how to require the employer to report and prove that it is not replacing U.S. workers with the imported foreign student. Instead, the Regulation leaves it to the imagination of the employer DHS anticipates that employers have the imagination to show compliance through a variety of existing real-world practices. Of course, the ambiguous language is intentional so as not to hold the employer liable for violations of law.

The Regulation failed to mention the most obvious documents to establish adverse action or impact on U.S workers are the employers payroll and personal records. What an employer is paying his current employees is direct and relevant evidence of how and what the employer values competent work. Instead, the Regulations allows the employer to hide the documents that it actually relies on and use resources that no employer ever uses such as local associations or national or local wage surveys, to set compensation for their U.S. workers. In short, the Regulations allow the employer and DHS to ignore reality (I.e. what is actually happening) ad substitute fantasy (i.e.what the employer and DHS hope is happening.)
Further, the Regulations would not restrict the definition of prevailing wages to the locality of the business but, in stead, would open such definitions to the world by providing the Department of Labors Office of Foreign Labor Certification.
If the DHS cared to protect the U.S. worker, then, the employer would have to report on the actual wages paid to its U.S. employees and to justify any reduction in the wage scale or and adverse employment action against any U.S. EMPLOYEE. That would protect the U.S. worker.

The regulation provide for on site inspections to protect the imported foreign student, but not the U.S. worker. DHS should/must conduct on-site reviews to ensure that employers meet BOTH the educational requirements and to provide documents and interviews with employees to ensure that no U.S.workers is in any way adversely impacted. Such documentation and interviews must extend to all employees both present and for the PAST FIVE (5) YEARS WITH NAMES, ADDRESS AND PHONE NUMBERS.

The Regulations fail to impose notice of any penalties for violation of the Regulations or student fraud. This visa program is the most fraud riddled of all the visa programs that, according to the numerous FBI reports and public warnings, allows foreign students to spy on U.S. government agencies and employers. The FBI has publicly stated that there are so many foreign student spies that the FBI does not have enough field agents to keep track of them.

Finally, the Regulations fail to impose any penalty for the employers violation of the Regulations. Thus, the employer may violate any provision of the Regulation, and thus the Statute, without any penalty. No punishment for fraud leaves the victimized American still goes without proper compensation.

GET RID OF THIS LAW. 

Vito Nick Giotta
Visalia, California 93277
