Lydia Liu I STRONGLY SUPPORT this program. As a student who is applying for graduate schools in America, I really think this STEM OPT extension program will benefit both overseas students and U.S. citizens.

For starters, Its obvious that this program will be a strong attraction for the top talents from certain high tech fields and those workers will working on improving technologies that play irreplaceable role in the development of a country. In the history class, I had heard that during wars conscription from college was quite common, however, only in the most desperate situation will a country send students majored in science to the battlefront. Maybe its just a anecdote told by teachers to enliven classroom atmosphere, but it is an indisputable truth that every country is devoting numerous educational resources ,time and expenditure to cultivate professional engineers or qualified researchers. An international student has to spend at least one year to obtain a master degree, and 3 to 5 years for a PhD. Taking all the teaching resources devoted on them into consideration, it is much more rational to let international students stay and work for a longer time. As we all know, getting a degree is never the terminal, putting the knowledge into practice use is. For the United States, canceling the STEM OPT extension program is tantamount to spending all those precious eduction opportunities in cultivating labor force for its competitors, and they must be the strongest force for that those international students who cant stay after graduation for the abolish of STEM OPT, are the top ones from all over the world selected out by American universities and have received years of high-quality education.

The educational cost is huge and the demand for tech workers is increasing. The High-tech industry is developing at an explosive speed, those companies are yearning for creative and diligent tech workers to invigorate their enterprise and enable them to catch up with the persistently changing filed. As a student majored in computer science, even havent entered the society Ive already had a glance at the cruel fact of how fast a new technology become out of time and get eliminated. If the extension program is canceled, relative industries will face heavy blow of losing working forces.

On the other hand, we should make it clear that STEM OPT extension is not the cause of low salary level or unemployment. The market is booming and where there is profits, there will be competition. However, the international students wont serve as "cheap labor or cause vicious competition. Studying abroad is a risky investment with an expense of $100,000 or higher, therefore international students wont use a low salary requirement to help them get job opportunities. Many of the brilliant students in my university, they gave up the chance of being recommend for admission to top domestic graduate schools and chose to pursue further study in the USA even though a bright future can be guaranteed if they stay domestic. With so much investment and bearing the pressure hard to imagine during the whole process, I believe none of them will debase themselves to be the "cheap labor. Vicious competition is usually caused by the outsourcing for that their cost can be much lower. International students can offer employers more option and in this way contribute to a create positive competition atmosphere.
