Feiran Wang, Carnegie Mellon University Recently I have seen too many comments opposing the proposal of the extension of OPT in STEM majors. I understand why many American people hate this rule, but let's be fair - this is not a battle or competition between international students and US citizens. I do hope when people leave comments here, calm down and read your mind, are you unemployed? Are you unemployed because your dream position is taken by STEM major international students? If that is the case, ask them how hard they have worked to get the position, since they are the minority in this country and they have already experienced too much unfair treatment.

Big IT companies, like Google, Facebook, or Microsoft, don't they want to hire US citizens? of course they do! Hiring a US Citizen saves them a lot of money and effort. They don't necessarily need to spend money and effort to get a H1B visa or even a green card for him. They won't worry about his immigration status because if an international student doesn't get an H1B visa after OPT expires, he has to leave. Then, answer me, OPT extension opponents, are those companies stupid? They are always looking for the biggest profit for themselves in any aspect! If part of their business doesn't work well, they can close the department and lay off everyone there immediately. Then why do they hire international students?

Another important thing I have to mention here. It is never the case that international students compete with US citizens by asking for the minimum wage. They are not the group of people who are working in McDonald's and Pizza Hut. There is no way for them to get a job by asking for a lower salary. If you have ever interviewed with one of the companies, you should know the process. They are always looking for qualifications of employees' skills first. Big companies won't mind giving thousands of dollars more, but they want to hire the people who can do the thing. If you can't do what they need you to do, why would they hire you? If you don't know how to program at all and look for a software engineering position, is Google insane to get you on-board? There is no difference between an international student, or a US citizen. What matters here, is *SKILL*.

Let's be fair. As a US Citizen, you have huge advantages against international students. Your communication skills are far better than them; You are easily to get promoted once you get a job; You have much more freedom to change a job; You can work in your home country and you can get union with your family very easily. More importantly, US's education system, compared with Chinese, Korean, Indian, Latino countries' education system, give US citizens a lot of options of what they want to do in the future. Most of the international students just start learning STEM majors after getting into college, but US students can start their career even in middle school. I have met a 12-year-old American boy who knows programming pretty well. Therefore, I don't understand why, as a US citizen who successfully finished college or graduate school, is not competent against an international student. So ask yourself, what have you done in the past a few years?

People say that OPT extension is helping international student to fight against US citizens. Is that true? What if international students are not allowed to work in this country? Isn't it a disaster? Companies won't be able to get sufficient amount of skillful enough employees, thus they can't keep their pace of creating new technologies. They will lose money, the whole US STEM industries will lose money. Is it actually helping the country? What a joke it is when you say "Let's help our country's employment by not accepting talented people from other countries?" Instead, you should say "Let's have less parties in college and study more!"

One last thing to say. If I worked for the US government, I would like to keep the skillful international students here in the US by granting them benefit, rather than expelling them away and letting them contribute their countries which may become threats to the US. You don't welcome them, because you never think about this country, but only yourself, and you have no idea what is the biggest challenge in US's immigration system, which is illegal immigrants. The people who take the majority of jobs have never been, are not and will not be STEM major students.

I hope people to open their eyes and view this proposal rationally rather than emotionally, then you may understand why US government and DHS would like to give extensions to STEM majors.
