Anonymous Anonymous I strongly support new OPT STEM extension rule. Most of the Manufacturing Employers don't sponsor VISA. This is the biggest hurdle to get job in manufacturing fields. As per my experience most of the people loose average of 4 months of 12 months OPT before getting job. 7-8 months are definitely not enough to get good work experience after pursuing education in USA. Hands on experience is equally important along with theoretical knowledge. New rule of 24 months extension will give enough time for STEM students to get good hands on experience and contribute into USA economy. This never meant America placed foreigners ahead of citizens. Actually those companies are still willing to hire a US citizen over a international student if they have the same level of working ability. Foreign students pay higher tuition to come to the US for study. They also pay the tax. They did stimulated the economy. They have to be much better at work to compete with those US citizens. Like if an international score 90, and a US citizen score 90. the companies will choose the US citizen of course. it means less trouble and paperwork.

I am completely against of cancelling STEM extension from February 12th 2016. How any court give such decision which can ruin careers of thousands of students. Whenever any student takes decision of higher education, he/she plan for at least next 5 years and takes decisions accordingly. If court is giving decisions like this, how prospective students will have confidence on there career security in USA. Court should have given decision considering these factors. If students get to know about such changes in advance before applying for higher education in USA, they can plan more efficiently. So I would say courts decision should not affect careers of students who are in USA.

My honest request to government is, please keep your immigration rules fix. At least give advance notice of change before someone is going to take decision to come to USA for higher studies. Students are investing thousands of dollars in education and mostly precious time. Please do not ruin careers of these talented, motivated students.

Thank you!!

