Xiaozhen Wu I am writing to discuss the relationship between industrial and organizational psychology program and STEM majors. TO attract more international students and enable them to contribute to the society, the department of Homeland Security(DHS) announced an expanded list of science, technology, engineering, and math(STEM) designated- degree programs in 2012. There are several psychology programs that are eligible for the OPT extension. Currently industrial and organizational psychology is not officially on the list; however,as far as I know, all around America, this major is very research focused. It will be a big loss for both international students who majored in I/O psychology and the society if our international graduates lose the opportunity to contribute to the American scientific and social development with what we learned just because of the difference of several figures. There are much less international students majored in psychology compared to many other majors. Definitely, international students could bring in psychology multi-cultural insights and more education investment. There are 4 I//O program in Great New York Area now, which is I/O Psychology Program in NYU; Social/ Organizational Psychology program in Teachers' College, Columbia University; I/O Psychology Program in Baruch College, CUNY; I/O Psychology Program in Hofstra University. NYU has taken an initiative in changing the code of their M.A. in I/O psych from 42.2804 to 42.2799. and made it eligible for STEM OPT extension. With more and more international students studying in psychology, especially interested in I/O psychology, I think it's time to bring this problem to public's attention. 

I'd like reiterate the necessity of changing I/O psychology major code and make it eligible for OPT extension. 
First, it's unfair to claim supporting for research projects for OPT extension on one side, but on the other side exclude our major in list, which is a very research oriented subject. Attached please find curricula from all four programs in I/O psychology. Almost all of our courses cover research methods, statistics, social psychology, and focus on theories in I/O psychology field. As an I/O psychology major student in hofstra myself, over 80% school works do with literatures, readings, studies and researches. Out of 43 credits required in this 2 years program, only 6 points are for internship training, which is obviously comparable to other STEM major. You can't deny I/O psychology is still much more research oriented though some programs also emphasize practical aspects. Both scientific and practical aspects are crucial for I/O psychology. They are not contradictory. Such a research oriented subjects should be included in STEM in terms of STEM's purpose and equality.
Second, because now I/O psychology is now only offering 12 months OPT extension, less and less international students are going to pursue higher degrees in I/O psychology. It definitely has an adverse impact on I/O psychology program development and research. Multicultural environment raises more research topic in workplace psychology research nowadays. America needs more researchers from different cultures to work on it. International students are the major source for this important I/O field. Please don't intimidate those who have a strong desire in I/O research by merely setting limitations in their OPT. Extra OPT time will definitely attract more international students in I/O psychology field and even promoting other psychology programs' recruitment. This opportunities allows international students to gain more experience in I/O workplace and be more confident in their future career in I/O research. More internal researchers will only benefit I/O psychology development in the long round.
Needless to say, education investment from international students is a great incentive for higher education development. Considering most of I/O students are encouraged to get Ph.D degrees. Recruiting more international students will definitely refill the funding gap in current programs.

I believe including industrial and organizational psychology major into STEM is both necessary and beneficial for the society and research development in America, while excluding it is a big loss for both American academia and society. It will be highly appreciated if you could consider I/O psychology code-changing issue.
