Yechao Dai To which may concern:

I am an international student from China who currently study Electrical Engineering in Chicago. My study field falls in the catalogue of STEM program, I am worried about the my future career after graduation after I heard about the cancellation of the STEM program starting January 2016. As you can see, the number of international student graduates has grown significant in the past few years. With the large amount of international students graduated every year, we starting to have a more competitive environment in our circle. However, after all the hard-working we did in our college life, we still need to pass H1B draw every year. With the increasing of graduates, the draw rate decreased. In the past two years, I have been paying a lot of attention to the H1B draws, a lot of my friends already been through that process, the rate was around 50%. It means only one out of two graduates can get the H1B visa can continues to stay in the United States. For STEM students, we have a more complicated study field than those non-STEM major, we put more time into it than them.

A good example of that is me. I am a junior right now. for the last two years of college, friends of mine who are not in STEM program had parties time to time, had more time to seek part-time jobs outside of school. However, me and some of my friends who have the same major as me, we had labs, a lot of homework, tests, exams which were extremely harder than other majors. And all the knowledge we learned in lecture are so theoretical, we should have experience on hand-on practice. Since we cannot get enough hand-on experience while studying, the only way can do that is the OPT. And for those who study STEM program, we should more time to gain experience, no meter we are going back to our own country or find a job in U.S.

I believe that the 17 months extended OPT period is extremely important to us, it may not be a lot compared to one's life time, but with this 17 months, some of us may just find their path of life and that is a great country should do.
