Yi Shi I want to use evidence to refute two frequent arguments from anti immigration groups:

No.1 Anti immigration groups claim that there is no shortage of US stem workers:
Their argument ignore the heterogeneity of US labor market and ignore the diverse nature of various subsets of STEM fields.

Here is the link that refutes their claim:
http://www.bls.gov/opub/mlr/2015/article/stem-crisis-or-stem-surplus-yes-and-yes.htm

The conclusion of the study is as follows:

1)The STEM labor market is heterogeneous. There are both shortages and surpluses of STEM workers, depending on the particular job market segment.

2)In the academic job market, there is no noticeable shortage in any discipline. In fact, there are signs of an oversupply of Ph.D.'s vying for tenure-track faculty positions in many disciplines (e.g., biomedical sciences, physical sciences).

3)In the government and government-related job sector, certain STEM disciplines have a shortage of positions at the Ph.D. level (e.g., materials science engineering, nuclear engineering) and in general (e.g., systems engineers, cybersecurity, and intelligence professionals) due to the U.S. citizenship requirement. In contrast, an oversupply of biomedical engineers is seen at the Ph.D. level, and there are transient shortages of electrical engineers and mechanical engineers at advanced-degree levels.

4)In the private sector, software developers, petroleum engineers, data scientists, and those in skilled trades are in high demand; there is an abundant supply of biomedical, chemistry, and physics Ph.D.'s; and transient shortages and surpluses of electrical engineers occur from time to time.
The geographic location of the position affects hiring ease or difficulty.

No.2: the issue of H1b: anti-immigration groups always want to tie H1b to OPT and they view H1b as the biggest job killer
for American people. While I do admit there is large abuse of H1b, they also ignore the positive contributions of H1b and they exaggerate the negative impact of H1b on wage level:

http://www.americanimmigrationcouncil.org/just-facts/h-1b-program%E2%80%99s-impact-wages-jobs-and-economy

The link above gives a much more robust and objective analysis of H1b and it is worth reading
