Tengfei Wu as an international student, I feel really angry for the actions that some Americans have taken trying to kick our international students out of the United States. It's a stupid action and won't bring any benefits to your country at all in the long run. You, Americans, claim yourselves a country willing to accommodate all the talented people across the world, but why the government can't realize the great loss you gonna suffer if all the international students go back to their home immediately after they get their degree, very stupid and ridiculous! If you guys are afraid to compete with our international, just admit it and don't try to use the shortcoming of the document to force us to leave. Looking back to the past, how major contributions we so-called international people have made to your country, in almost all the fields. America, is not a paradise, to be honest, we wanna work here, not because we have to work here, it's only because America is a country, that welcomes all the talented people to demonstrate themselves, compete and cooperate with each other; finally, every one can realize their dream and a win-win result will be made. America, is like a furnace, which can absorb all the good merits of the people indulging themselves in to it. Why the economy, technology and science can take the lead in the world, the key factor is talents from all the areas, and many of them are from other countries. I can say that with confidence, if immigration office issues a new policy saying all the international students can't work legally in the United States, the superiority of your country will disappear forever in the next 5-10 years, we can bet it! We are not beggars, we don't need to work for your country, because, the atmosphere that used to benefit all the talented people in the United States will never exist because of some people of narrow-minded. To save the talented people is more important for American future rather than for ourselves. I believe most of American are very clear what they need in the future to keep their country running! SO, wake up!
