Donald G. Stewart As an economy analyst for 5 years, I firmly SUPPORT the OPT extension for the STEP student, simply because its long term economic benefits outweigh the short term pressure on the job seekers in United States. The setting of this proposal is to keep the technological advantage of United State in future, NOT to steal jobs from Americans who participate in a much broader labor market, nor to put downward pressure on the wage rate. 

From an economic growth perspective, the OPT extension of the international STEM students will help improve the technology factor of the economy, which is the key for a sustainable growth rate for developed country. The selective young international graduates with high level technical skills can provide additional labor force to the high-tech industries including IT, Bio-Tech, Life Science, Data Science and scientific research. The improvement in these technology will improve the overall economy output and provide a better foundation for the social welfare. Remember In the past 100 years, the technological advance is essentially one of the most important factors for our country to be great. And now, for such a developed country and economy, the key for a GDP growth is still the technological innovation, not only the improvement of the unemployment rate and the capital spending. Take Japan and some European countries as your bad examples.

A small portion of the labor force, mostly those who works in high-tech industry might be hurt in the short term by the competition from the international students, but the effect is reduced with the setting of STEM. That's because employers usually prefer the U.S. graduates over the international graduates with the same credentials because of the language and cultural consideration. International STEM student will only be hired when there are no or not enough qualified American graduates. In other words, STEM international does not directly compete with our college graduates in high tech industry. And they are not allowed to be hired in all the NO-STEM industries, which gives protection for domestic worker in the NON-STEM industries where we don't need any foreign workers to substitute our fellow Americans.

If U.S. suspended the OPT program, it would generate a dead weight loss for both U.S. employers and consumers. Even worse, it would appreciate the price for tech product and services, also slow down many important scientific and research activities. These impacts will ultimately lead to the even slower growth rate of U.S economy and slower improvement of social welfare.

Given both pros and cons, I strongly support the extension of the OPT program, for the necessary technological improvement which will ultimately lead to a better economy and life in United States. Ultimately, freedom and innovation makes us the greatest countries in the world.
