Helen Leonard November 13, 2015 

Katherine Westerlund 
Policy Chief (Acting) Student and Exchange Visitor Program 
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement 
500 12th Street SW. 
Washington, DC 20536 
VIA EMAIL: OIRA_submission@omb.eop.gov 
Re: Docket No. ICEB-2015-0002 

Dear Ms. Westerlund,

I am writing today as a Designated School Official at New York University, (which has the largest number of international students in the country), in response to the notice of proposed rulemaking published at 80 Federal Register 63375 (October 19, 20915): Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Foreign Students. I appreciate having the opportunity to comment on the proposed regulation given the fact that my institution has several hundred students on STEM opt currently.

1) Extension to 24 months . I support the extension of stem opt from the present 17 months to 24 months and feel it is a great benefit for the international students that we serve.

2) Concern over DSO involvement in the Review of Mentoring and Training Plan and the future plan placed in SEVIS

It is not the role of a Designated School Official to be experts in the area of STEM education or each field of study. Further, as a DSO at an institution with the largest number of international students in the country, imbedding the Training and Mentoring Plan within SEVIS puts a huge workload on DSOs particularly at large institutions, adding to an already arduous workload. The fact that each STEM Mentoring and Training Plan has an average of 2.5 hours per student, puts an unreasonable amount of work on a DSO. My institution has approximately 600 students presently on STEM OPT, so the addition of 1500 hours of work, solely in STEM OPT support is a burden that we are unable to take on, given our present staffing. Further the idea that the plan would be imbedded in sevis creates even more work for dsos at large institutions who rely heavily on a batch system and not rti. 

3) OPT historically has been granted to round out the educational experience in the classroom to provide a practical experience in the field of study. Hence, the notion of providing a stem extension for a degree earned within ten years, at another institution does not make sense and conflicts with the very spirit of the OPT regulations. Further, if this proposal goes through, it might require a school to issue an I 20 for a stem extension for a field of study the institution does not even offer, which is illogical and challenges the spirit of opt regulations over the last 25 years when I have been a DSO. I strongly oppose the proposal to recommend a stem extension for a student whose degree is not immediately preceding and the basis of the current opt, or at a different institution in which the student is presently enrolled and on standard OPT. 

4) I-910- change of form number needed Form I-910 to report STEM OPT Training Plan is actually the form to apply for Civil Surgeon Designation. Hence, it would appear this would need to be changed. In addition, it appears very close to the I-901 so it would seem prudent to change this as well.

Thank you again for the opportunity to comment on this proposed regulation.

Sincerely,

Helen Leonard
Manager, Admitted Student Services
Designated School Official
New York University


