Mark R Is the US a selfish country? Instead of it bending over backwards to help hire and train American citizens for STEM jobs that have degrees, it allows American companies to recruit foreign students as if they are better than Americans. Shouldn't the US let these foreign students return to their own country where their educations can be used to benefit their fellow citizens and help their countries become more advanced? Some of these countries receive US aid. Is it right and necessary for American companies to lie that they can't find American workers that have the skills they need, when they still have to train foreign STEM students to do their jobs? This idea that foreign STEM students are needed because of a STEM shortage is an outright lie.

A country should be investing in their own citizens and not pushing them aside for foreign nationals and helping them to stay in the US to work and take away opportunities that American citizens deserve. Many Americans work to get STEM degrees only to find out that they are wasting their time and money because the opportunities they want are not there because of the OPT program, and because of greedy Corporate America that just wants to save some money by hiring foreign students that graduate here.

I worked as a software engineer and electronics engineer and worked hard for my degree, and even though it was only a BS degree in Compute Science along with an AS in Electronics Engineering Technology, I was able to teach myself to do engineering jobs I was given with little training, and did work that exceeded many with MS degrees. It is because I was given the opportunities, I was able to benefit tech companies that I worked for. I struggled with being a white male under 40 for years being put at the bottom of the hiring list because of the government's Affirmative Action reverse discrimination program. As I got older, I had to compete with foreign immigrants that were imported or recruited after graduating from US universities and colleges. Now after not working in engineering for over 10 years because I could not get hired as an engineer by American companies anymore, I cannot get an interview for a STEM job. American companies are too picky. To be an engineer, one must have not just the degree, but must have the years of experience requiring many different skills (that are not obtainable it college), in a particular area of industry.

If there is any shortage of US citizens for STEM jobs, it is a result of the US's immigration policies that don't put Americans first. Americans find that the STEM jobs require them to study and learn the hardest subjects (math, science, physics, etc.), yet only for them to be short changed by competition with foreign nationals. Many are lucky just to make $50,000/year. The US government does not put Americans first and betrays its own citizens. It is as if the US is selfish to the corporate interests and does not care about its citizens as long as what it thinks is good for the country as a whole, but not good for its own citizens. Is not the USA a country that exists for its own people, the citizens, and not for the world? If being a citizen does not guarantee a fair chance to pursue life, liberty, and happiness by allowing citizens to come before any foreign national, then being a citizen really has little value and only means being able to vote for politicians that sell them out.

I disagree with programs like OPT, and think that people that support importation of foreign workers rather than hiring American citizens don't get who this country was created for. It is NOT a nation of immigrants, as the media repeats over and over making us think that is the truth. It is a nation that started out with immigrants, but was built with mostly non-immigrants that were born here for generations. When one is born here of immigrants then one is not an immigrant, therefore, the US is not a nation of immigrants. Yes it has immigrants, and too many at that, but it has more non-immigrant citizens. The economy should not be above the rights of citizens to justify that the US needs more immigrants to make it better.

American citizens that run American companies need to think about hiring fellow American citizens rather than stabbing them in the back by hiring foreign nationals to do jobs that Americans deserve before any foreign national. Let STEM students return to their native country to help it develop, and don't believe it when you hear there are not enough American STEM workers (or non-STEM workers) that can do the jobs companies need. It is an outright lie and unpatriotic to not hire Americans over non-Americans.

There are over 1.5 million Americans with engineering degrees that are not working in their field and in another field or not working at all because American companies won't give them a chance anymore, or maybe never did. It is sad to grow up to find out that your own country does not value you because you are American already. 
