Peixun Zhao I have been studying here in the United States ever since my freshman year and now I am already a graduate student. I would say most of the international students who come to the US for their undergrads or grads studies are not only to gain useful knowledge but also to find a job and work on this land of freedom. We as international students we may pay at least 3 times of what a American students should pay for tuition because what we have for our tuition is called International student tuition rate and this rate is subject to change(usually go up) without notice. So with all the money that we paid in extra I think it is only fair for us to get that little extension for OPT to have more time that is enough for us to find a decent job here. I don't know why there are so many people (all of them are American Citizens I assume) oppose to this new immigration law of OPT extension. Seems to me their reasons tend to be 1. The job opportunity should be left to American Citizens no matter what 2. The higher the chance for international students to get a job the higher unemployment rate is gonna be among American Citizen group. 3. We as international students are illegal immigrants.
First of all, Equality and freedom is what US has been boosting all over the world. US has got into so many wars somewhere else on this earth to help people get equity and freedom, it only make sense that itself is a highly equal and free country( that is also what has been attracting international students to come here, study here, work here and eventually live here), so everyone (citizens vs aliens)in this country should get equal opportunity to get a job. Second of all,the chance for international students to get a job get higher does not necessarily mean Americans' job opportunity are taken away. It is only because US is still developing and expanding, more jobs are created and additional labor is neededso we as international students here are more likely to fill up the labor and worker shortage than to take away jobs from Americans' hands. Also, if employer ever choose an international student over an American citizen, it only means that international students are more qualified for the job. I guess this may because we as international students are 10 times more hard-working than Americans. So we paid extra money and efforts, and we get employed and get paid, this is the way it should be. This is equality. Just think about how much a company needs to pay in extra(sponsorshipto hire an international student instead of American citizen, and the reason companies keeps doing that is because they believe the international students are so qualified that they worth the extra money. In a sense, companies like to hire international students because we are much more qualified and we work harder. If an American citizen can not compete with an international student in the job market it only means that he/she is not qualified enough because he/she does not work that hard!!! And finally, I do not know why we are called illegal immigrants because we are not. And with all the extra money we paid and all the extra efforts we made, we deserve to be called legal and we deserve that little extension on OPT to make a little more time for us to find a decent job after graduation.
