Qiaofeng Xu I fully support the above rule, improving and expanding training opportunities for F-1 NonImmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and CapGap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. 

There are tons of reasons why US should approve this rule. I simply list a few of them as follows. 

1. The whole US can definitely benefit from this rule. Let's ask one simple question. How does the US become the most powerful and advanced country in the world ? It simply relies its science, technology and engineering. All those fields needs brilliant people to contribute. Most STEM students have advanced degrees, like master and doctoral degrees. They have all-those expertise in those fields. Please take a look at how foreign workers contribute their life and intelligences in current technologies companies, such as Google, Apple, Linkedin, ... You name it. A company has to maintain certain level of diversity to keep its strong competition. Moreover, everything will become global. A company only with diversity can do that.
A country is very similar to a company. It has to be diverse and utilize people's intelligence from all the world to maintain its top position in the world. Otherwise, the country will fade away. 

2. The rule will not hurt america workers. Why? First, the rule is for STEMs, not for every field. In addition, there are not enough america native students to fill all those science and technologies positions. Secondly, please do not forget that each year, H1B only provides 85,000 positions for foreign workers. This number is very very small compared to the number of all technologies and science positions in the country.

3. If the rule does not get approved, what will happen? Please think about it carefully. (1) Many technologies, science, and engineering companies have to let hundreds of thousands of workers leave. This will destroy many projects and many companies' growth and development. (2) For those students with OPT extension, they all have jobs, which means they have proved that they have special ability, intelligences and expertise to contribute to the company and the country. Why the US just let those well-educated people leave to other countries. Currently, other countries have many policies to attract those people and grow very fast. If US let those people leave, it will be a huge lost for the country. (3) Another reason for Why the US is the most powerful country in the world, What is it? It is its advanced education. If this rule does not get approved, the foreign students who are willing to study in the US, will dramatically decrease. This will hurt all american universities so much. This will not only hurt the education income for the whole country, but also hurt the research in all universities because there are not enough brilliant students who can work on those research projects. Professors can not find enough students to work on research. Therefore, this is a big big negative effect on advanced eduction in the US. 

I simply list some obvious reasons in the above. There are so many many other reasons which we should approve those rules. Please take a look at other positive comments. Thank you so much. Let's keep the US stronger and keep those brilliant students do it.
