Nancy Deng I strongly agree and support this proposal. I believe this proposal not only helps international STEM students, but can also benefits US citizens a lot and promotes economic development of the US to a large extent. I have several reasons to support my opinion below: 

First and foremost, the majority of those F-1 Nonimmigrant Students are involving in the hi-tech companies in US or will be joining the hi-tech field after graduation. They together form a big part of employees motivating and supporting the development of those companies. This hi-tech market is one of the strongest support for our economic resurgence after 2009's economic crisis. Now our economy is gradually resurging and we plan to raise interest step by step. We can't deny their contribution to this. And not to mention that if we just suddenly stop OPT extension for those who're already on OPT status, thousands of hi-tech companies would suffer severely and we're even afraid to think of the consequence if this happens. 

And speaking of some people's negative feedback for this proposal that they think these international students will take US citizens' jobs, this is totally an absurd opinion. Hi-tech companies hire these international students because the supply of US citizens is far less than the need of the market. Companies always prefer to hire US citizens if they qualify for the job requirements. If someone is not qualified for a certain job, the company will not hire him/her regardless of his/her citizenship. 

What's more, extending the OPT period and expanding training opportunities for STEM students would stimulate and attract more and more international students to come to United States and pursue academic career in STEM field with no doubt. We must say that these international students' enthusiasm for choosing to pursue their degrees in US has such a strong and positive impact for the fast development of US's education these recent years. And the education development has always been and will always be one of the most important area which needs our focus and support without hesitation. I believe no one will ever deny that supporting the education of a country is the one thing that we can never stop. Better education, more intelligent talents and stronger country. 

Finally, I want to point out why we need the extension to be 24 months. I work personally in the hi-tech companies and pursued my degree in the STEM field also. So I have every reason to say that most of the projects and researches in this area takes an average of 3-4 years to complete or finish the work of one stage. If we don't give them this 24 months extension, a lot of these students will still participate in their first 12 months' training program, which would result in the unfinished work of the projects and researches they participate in. This is not only a waste of our existing resources, but also harm the impact of good projects or researches. 

In conclusion, these nonimmigrant students are not harming but in fact helping and supporting the US citizens and the United States with their positive impact in economic market and education. So we should definitely pass this proposal!
