Hongyang Li I strongly support the extension of OPT for STEM students on F1 VISA. This creates a positive image of US welcoming international talents to work for US companies. I did an internship at one of the top IT companies, during which time I worked with people from India, China, England, Czech, and of course with people from the US. What strikes me most is that when you put people with different background into the same team, they bring different ways of thinking, and that often leads to innovative solutions. I think this diversity is indeed one of the reasons why many US companies such as Google and Facebook are so successful.

The diversity in hiring also helps the US companies to get a better understanding of the differences of countries in the world, which in turns helps the companies to exert global impact. I cannot say about other areas, but I think most IT companies today realize this importance of global hiring and diversity of employee background.

Now, some people have argued against this OPT extension because they want to create more jobs for the Americans. While their intention is understandable, I have to argue that if they want to create more jobs for the Americans, they should support the OPT extension instead of going against it, and here is why:

Consider some of the most successful IT companies like Google and Facebook. Many such companies have sites across the globe. If the OPT extension is denied, these companies would be forced to focus more on non-US sites for hiring global talents. Instead of creating more jobs for local American people, denying the OPT extension is actually encouraging US companies to spend resources on other countries instead of on their US sites.

On the other hand, more foreign companies, such as Baidu and Tencent from China, are increasingly adopting the strategy of coming to US and directly hire US talents. Without the OPT extension, it would make US companies like Google and Facebook very difficult to fight the war of hiring the best people for the job.

We have to realize one thing: if the company is not doing well, there won't be any job for anybody. As for the students that uses the OPT extension to work for US companies, we should not view them as enemies that steal American jobs. Instead, I suggest we view them as catalyst to the growth of the company and ultimately the US economy: having the OPT extension would send a signal that the US welcomes global talents, which would give US companies advantage in hiring global talents, which in turn helps the growth of US companies and US economy, and ultimately leads to more jobs, for American people.
