XY W The proposal to extend OPT is both just and beneficial.

The United State of America has always been a nation of immigrants. It was founded by immigrants, and immigrants with diverse backgrounds have always made great contributions to this country in history. That also shows the greatness of the United States

The value of freedom and equality inherited from the founding fathers of the United states attracts passionate, intelligent, creative and diligent people all over the world coming to this country, working here and making their contributions. They come here because they are welcomed here. There has been no any other country in this world practicing freedom and equality so faithfully as US does. The country provides them with opportunities to make efforts, to succeed, to live good lives and to achieve their "American Dreams", regardless of their nationalities, races, genders or any other social background.

An extension of OPT would faithfully show the world that the US is still embracing diversity, hence it will still be great in future. But if the proposal were denied, then the world would see that the US was losing its precious character. Please do not violate the will of this great nation's founding fathers.

From a liberal point of view, there is no doubt that the proposal is consistent with this country's value; from a conservative point of view, this proposal also aims for less government intervention on the free market of human resource. Therefore, no matter you prefer equality more or freedom more, this proposal is consistent with your value. This proposal is totally consistent with this country's spirit.

The proposal offers the companies in US with more choices to hire qualified employees. If an international F-1 STEM student is not qualified, then this proposal wouldn't help him/her since the companies would not hire him/her. In other words, this proposal would not hurt the employment of qualified US STEM students. With more choices of employees, US companies can enhance their competitiveness, make more profits and contribute more to US economy. In addition, US customs of these companies can receive better services.

This is a proposal offering opportunities to highly educated STEM students instead of cheap labors or illegal immigrants. Therefore, on one hand, they would not bring vicious competitions on wages; on the other hand, they would become consumers with great purchasing power, which would also contribute to the US economy greatly. Unlike recruiting cheap labors, reserving brains is always a good strategy.

In addition, state governments do have some significant financial incomes from the tuition and fees of states' universities. International students' high tuition and fees do contribute a lot. The pass of this proposal would attract more international students.

Conclusion: this proposal faithfully obey the inherited spirit of the US; it is also purely beneficial to this country.
