Chen Xin The OPT extension program is a totally necessary measure to ensure the leading role of America in the technology world, stability of America economy and more importantly the welfare of American people. 

For years, foreign tech workers have contributed a large portion of both basic scientific and industrial research in the US. For example in the research group where I am working, one of the two post-docs in the group is relying on his OPT extension to work here legally. During his staying here, he has developed new theory and techniques in studying the topological insulator and spin transistor which could potentially boost the speed of computer by one magnitude faster. If there were no such extension program, this post-doc would not have developed such tools to help America understand this leading technology and most of our research would be greatly jeopardized since very often it would take more than two years to conclude a research program. Therefore, to ensure US keeping its advantages in the area of science and technology, implementing such extension program is totally necessary.

For the concern that the extension will harm the job market, I would say it is really short-sighted. The economy of US is not isolated from the global market. While China and India are developing fast and have lots of low-price labor available, the advantage of US is that it possesses more high-quality workers and researchers. If the US cannot keep them, these researchers will go to other countries and competing against the US companies. At that time, the major advantage of US over other countries will no longer exist and the diminishing economy resulting from the fall of high-tech companies will inevitably harm the welfare of EVERY American family. 

Unlike the illegal immigrants, the high-tech workers and researchers are assets of the countries where they work and live. To secure the health of the job market is to improve the overall economy situation and open new markets which all require the participation of high-tech workers. By turning down the extension program and expelling these foreign STEM workers to other countries, even though the US persons can enjoy a well-paid job temporarily, the harm to the whole US economy will last for several decades and will eventually terminate the leading role of US which is established after WWII when so many scientists and engineers escaped to US from all over the world. If there were no such a large group of scientists and engineers coming to US at that time, the information and computer renovation that took place in 1970s will not happen in the US and the US would not be the one we are seeing today.

This extension program not only benefits the high-tech companies in the US but also will keep the technology-driven economy healthy and will eventually reward every family in the America.
