Junmin Yang The 24 months OPT extension will bring a variety of benefits to both the U.S. and F1 students in many aspects, including IT industry, education and society. 

The prosperity of IT industry requires IT companies, especially big companies which have thousands of employees to hire more software engineers. In other words, there is a huge demand among IT companies for high quality IT engineers and the explosive increasing in the number of STEM students satisfies this demand in a visibly large extent. Recent years have witnessed the increasing population of F1 STEM students working for the IT industry of US and the large amount of engineers has propelled the development of IT industry and increased the competence of US IT companies worldwide. Training high quality software engineers requires IT companies a lot of time and cost, which means that their contribution would be limited if they are only able to work for 12 months as the period of initial OPT. The increasing of OPT time leads to the increasing of time that they can work for the company and thus means more contribution they are likely to accomplish.

As universities in U.S. increasingly admit more foreign students to start studying in STEM fields, they are likely to benefit from extended OPT as well. 24 months OPT extension provides STEM students with more opportunities and time to find a job and work in U.S. They will be more willing to seek admissions of universities in the U.S. Therefore, those universities which provide degrees in STEM fields will seem attractive to students out of U.S. and increase their influence in education worldwide. 

Once F1 students have more opportunities to work and live in the U.S., they are able to obtain deeper understanding of the society and culture of the United States, a country which has created its glorious history and gained its prosperity in the last hundreds of years from its nature of accepting diverse immigrants all over the world. OPT extension matches the values of the United States of America.
