Xinyu Zhang I strongly SUPPORT the proposed 24 months STEM OPT Extension rule. This new rule not only benefits for international student with STEM degrees, more importantly, benefits United States in education, research, industry, commerce and culture diversity. 
International students, especially in STEM degrees, got admitted by US universities and graduate schools, are Highly Motivated and Highly Skilled students from all around the world. These kind of people coming to United States gain education here, and two or four years later, becoming contribute their knowledge with their thoughts and ideas to US research and education back. In mathematics and engineering graduate schools, most of the researchers, professors and graduate students are not from United Students, but from other country all around the world. Those people make a big contribution to develop the engineering and science here in United States, and position of having the cutting edge research and education is one of the most important feature in United States. Therefore, the international students, who will become the great contributor in industry and schools, are very important to United States.
How to get those people, who are highly motivated, highly skilled and important to US, here? Education is one of the main reason, and the work experienced after graduating is the other main reason. The should be together, especially to STEM major, which needs practice while learning. After the students got the education and work experience, they are highly skilled in their fields. As the well developed science and industry in the world, United States become the best choice for those high technology people to choose from. They will work and contribute to their field in here, and make US more flourish. If do not open the opportunity for work experience after education, those people will go back to their country and use their advanced education to contribute their country, which is a big loss for United States. And on the other hand, if do not open the opportunity, those people may not even consider to come here for education, then without those large amount of highly education and skilled people, universities and graduate schools will not have such thriving education and research circumstance.
Many universities rely on large tuition collection from international students will lose a major source of income. Also lose a very big amount money for daily purchasing, there are billions dollars relies on international students renting houses, cars, travel, shopping, phones tourism economy when parents and relatives visit America.
The reason why United States is the most powerful country in the world, the first place is United States is an immigration country. The reason why United States is such well developed and have the cutting edge technology in the world, is because the most skilled people come here with American Dreams to contribute their perspective, education, skills, diversity ways of thinking and hard work. Students with STEM degrees are the best among those people. Letting the STEM students live and work here for two more years will enhance their love for US and their love will reversely contribute to US to make it better. That's the beauty and spirit of United States. Push away those people, looks like to protect the local people for more job opportunities, but if those industry do not have the highly skilled people to contribute their thought, the industry will get less innovation and long term, lose job opportunities itself, it is harmful eventually. Conversely, welcome those highly skilled people and provide them opportunities to contribute, the industry will be more 
flourish and create more job opportunities for local people.
United States economy is built on fair competition. The OPT Extension gives a fair chance to students to compete and find a job. International students work hard and they have proven to be great workers which values a lot to many companies all across the United States. 
From inside view, the companies need international students. As the STEM related industry need highly education in those fields, most students in STEM graduate schools are international students. American students usually not go to graduate schools, most of them work in the other area instead of pursuing their degree deeper. But for the STEM fields companies, especially the research and development positions need more professional in the fields. The biggest company in the world like GOOGLE, AMAZON and DISNEY, they hire so many international students every year and they need them. But because there are not so much H1B every year, they need to work with OPT and OPT Extension. Without enough time(OPT Extension) to get a H1B, those big company will lose those people and it's not only bad for those companies, but also for the development of the new technologies and in long run for the industry.
I strongly SUPPORT the proposed 24 months STEM OPT Extension rule. 
