Yuzhou Cheng I strongly agree with the Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule that would expand the Optional Practical Training program. This expansion would allow the foreign talents to join the U.S. high tech company after they get their degree and make contribution to the federal tax income in a long term. New graduates get into the industry will have very limited chance to continue grow and make contribution to the tech field if they cannot get long enough support from the immigrant law. If we do not have the OPT extension rule, most young talents in STEM area will only have one chance to obtain their H1B working VISA, which means they have over 50% of chance to lose their job due to their foreign identity but not their lack of working ability. A foreign talent can be hired by a STEM company because he has the quality that is suitable for the continuous development of the company not because it is cheaper and easier for a STEM company to hire foreign workforce. Everyone is equal in the United States of America. The foreign students get the chance to work in STEM industry means he can stand out from the all the other people and prove to be outstanding in this area. Don't make the spirit of adventure and the dream of America fade away due to the limited time after graduation to get settled down. 

Throughout the years of development, we have seen huge amount of foreign bright minds brought significant growth for the United States of America. We can see that the USA based immigrant-founded Fortune 500 companies have employed 3.6 million workers around the world back in 2011 and were responsible for more than $1.7 trillion in revenues in 2010, according to the report. Right now it is 2015, the old OPT extension rule has been in function for about 5 years. That is right between the time of 2010 and 2015. People in the USA have witnessed the great growth of the internet industry and the blooming result of the mobile revolution and high tech benefits. This is due the effort of the company where foreign bright minds are hired and making contribution at. All the people who wants to stay using the OPT extension surely has the high possibility to continue stay in the United States of America after the expire of their F-1 OPT, probably convert to H1B working VISA and finally become a green card holder. These people will pay exactly the same amount of taxes as well as the U.S. citizen do within the first several years of their working period. This means people who use the F-1 OPT extension will surely shows their willing to stay and their ability to create and pay revenue to the country. This will eliminate the worry of hiring company abuse this extension to cut the wage and tax paid to the government.

Most people worrying about losing the working chance in the competition with the STEM foreign students have a very short sight and stupid minds. With so much successful story of STEM people start brilliant new business and startup companies that created so much work position available to the society in the U.S. The voice of STEM foreign immigrants stole away their working opportunity is absolutely a joke right now. Their unwillingness of giving new chance to the new immigrant in STEM industry is just like the old European way of creating injustice and discrimination upon the people in the new land of America back in the old time. If you continue to show your arrogance and stay back with the protection of your citizenship of U.S. Then the American Dream will finally break and be prepared to get the punishment from right now rapidly growing entities like China and India.

Immigration policy should serve in the growth of American revenue and to create more working chance rather than protecting the already existing right of the U.S. citizen. As a result, please get back the spirit of adventure and be ready to get another rocket of growth with so many young brilliant STEM minds waiting to make contribution to the society of the United States. You will see how good to the community, to the next generation, to the everlasting of the greatness of the United States of America if you continue to offer the chance of having Dream in The USA!
