Kirios Nieto As an international student who has been studying in the United States for more than three years, I strongly support this proposal and agrees to keep the talented, skilled, and inspired international students in this country for a certain long time periods. The detailed reasons that I would list can be found in the following.

Firstly, the United States is a free land, where every one, regardless of domestic or international students/workers, is granted the opportunity to learn, work, and make contribution to the country. Through this proposal, more international students can have the chance to stay in the US and diversify the skills and culture in the country. Meanwhile, they can be given more time to make contribution to the country. I have many friends from other countries who stay here, survive and prosper, become the academic and industry leader finally. Without this kind of proposal, they would have been sent back to their home countries and no more contributions can be made to the US.

Secondly, more diversified people, better technology will be made, and greater the country would be. Some one may suspect that the international students/workers would give more pressure to the domestic students/workers. However, the reality is that, from my experience, we work and study together with the domestic students and support each other. In this way, we grow up together and become more skilled and professional.

Thirdly, to the contrary, without this proposal, more and more current workers will be mandatorily sent back to their home country. The population is very large and thus potential social problems will arise. For instance, many of them already married and have children who were born in this country and are US citizens. Furthermore, some of my international friends are engaging with the US citizens. If they have to go back, they may become a risk for the country. More social problems are ongoing.

In sum, I strongly support this proposal and hope it can be finalized and executed.
