Don Perry I doubt if you are really interested in what I have to say. Americans are the smartest, brightest, fastest learning, HARDEST WORKING persons on the planet. 

The STEM shortage of Americans is an ABSOLUTE LIE. Companies are simply using it as another means of getting foreign workers to work under contract and full time to replace American workers. PERIOD!! I was an "I.T." specialist supporting applications, servers, stand alone computers, Creating software from scratch, as well as supporting all of it 24/7 365 for nearly 40 years.

The company I worked for chose to bring in foreign workers to do Americans Jobs. It is a lie that they propagate that it is a cost saving initiative. 

The truth of the matter is that everyday an American loses their job, Correction, There job is Taken away from them and given To a foreign worker. If Americans are so lacking in our knowledge, Then answer these questions:

WHY must an American worker Train the foreign worker to do their job before the American worker is terminated?

WHY can an American worker support the job requirements that as in my case , they created themselves by systems analysis, Writing , testing, implementing the applications,
HOWEVER, For the foreign workers to support the same thing often requires multiple persons here in the American office, and an entire team of offshore workers?.

Why most of the time what ever the foreign worker provide to the company must it be 
Corrected or replaced by what an American worker does?

Why is the American worker put thru hell in an effort to force them to resign their position so that more control can be given to the foreign worker?

For nearly 40 years with the same company, My work was appreciated and understood as some of the best by management. I was abused to the point I was forced to take measures to leave the company If I valued my health and my life. It took well over a dozen asian Indians to do what I did alone. 

IF you ask me, Then that makes this American at least 
12 times harder working
12 times more intelligent
12 time faster learning
12 times a far better Employee
Than any foreign worker.

America DOES NOT NEED Foreign Workers. WE ARE THE BEST.
America !! Went to Space.
America put Man on the Moon.
America built a space station.
American Built a reusable Space vehicle (The Space Shuttle)

NO Foreign country has shown they are smarter than AMERICANS.
We have taught the world, and WE THE PEOPLE of 
The UNITED STATES of AMERICA are STILL the Teachers and The BEST.

GOD BLESS AMERICA and AMERICANS !

