Genyuan Zhu I strongly support the OPT extension! As one of many international STEM students, I believe the ultimate reason that the U.S. offers us working visas and the OPT program is the US needs us. Why does the US need us? 

We made significant contributions to the US economy through our payment of tuition and living expense for self and family. Do you know how much foreign visitors spent in the US in 2012? $168.1 billion! Think about the millions jobs created in travel and tourism industries because of us.

We promote cultural understanding between our countries and the US, which bring international perspectives into US classrooms, helping prepare American students for global careers, and often lead to longer-term business relationships and economic benefits. 

We account for more than one-fourth of all workers in Science and engineering labor force. Knowledge- and technology-intensive (KTI) industries have been a major and growing part of the global economy. The US has the highest KTI share of gross domestic product (GDP) of any large economy. Such economies rely on higher education that prepares students to use knowledge and related research skills to develop new and better ways to make products and perform services. 
For STEM students to contribute to a deeper understanding of their field of study especially bio-medical research, we need typically several years to complete a whole project from grant or fellowship application, management of grant money, focused research to publication of a report.

We are helping US to continue to be a global leader in international education. However US's share of foreign students decreased, due to increasingly competitive international education programs from other countries. When our own countries and other foreign countries could provide better working and living environment, why do we still want to work in US?

I strongly oppose the arguments from the people who object the rule. These people do not understand the challenges that international students face in locating and obtaining training experiences in US. If you are in our shoes, you will realize how protective the US government and companies is to the American citizens. Most job postings require citizenship and permanent residence. The companies that hiring us need to approve there is no American citizens for this position and the employer will not terminate, lay off, or furlough a U.S. worker as a result of providing the STEM OPT to the student. We are paid at least the actual or prevailing wage for our occupation. American action forum found the U.S. and Silicon Valley face worker shortages. We are not competing with domestic STEM students, but filling the shortage of the labor force. Additionally, we paid exactly same payroll tax, medicare, and social security as domestic coworkers. 

I also would like to provide comments on the new requirements:
Based on my 8 years' experience in the bio-medical field, the typical time to finish a project is at least 2-4 years. That is why many major grants, such as NIH R01, are usually awarded for 1 - 5 budget periods, each normally 12 months in duration.

I think 12 months OPT plus 24-month STEM OPT extension is the appropriate duration for STEM students to receive meaningful education and training in their fields. After OPT, STEM students should be very confident with their expertises and clearly understand future directions of their career development.

For the options for addressing pending applications and the harm if a final rule is not in place prior to the court's vacatur, I would like to suggest that 1)keep the application pending until the final rule of extension pass, since we can still work up to 180 days during the pending period. After final rule is in place, issue a 24-month extension from the date that the original OPT expires; or 2) issue cap-gap extension from the vacatur of the 2008 IFR to the effective date of the new rule; or 3) appeal to the court to postpone the vacatur of the 2008 until the effective date of the new rule.

For the proposed unemployment limit, I think 150 days are proper limits that would provide more flexibility for STEM students.

Lastly, I greatly appreciate the effort and efficiency from DHS in dealing with the OPT extension issue. Hopefully we can continue enjoy studying and working in US and contribute our knowledge to the development of United States.
