Judith Gu I totally support the new rule of OPT STEM extension. It will definitely help thousands of international students to have a ,more secure legal status to continue learning and working in US. In addition, it will also benefit this country and its citizens in the long term. 

This is a globalized world. Every country would like to appeal to the smartest young people to come to study, work and live in their country so they can contribute their knowledge and effort into developing more advanced technologies and bring diversity to fit in this globalization of economy. Fortune 500 companies have offices in all over the world, and even small to mid size American companies have various work sites in other countries. They need people coming from all over the world to help them understand the culture, background and technologies of the various nations with whom they hope to foster economic relationships. Talented young people come to United States to learn new knowledge and skills. Many of them are not coming from rich families. They have invested their parents' or familys life savings in United States for pursuing their high education. And they wish they can learn something that would benefit their family and their home country, and even possibly the entire world. United states is still one of the best country that offers such high quality of higher education system to these students. But education is not only in college and school. Students need real societal and work experience to apply what they have learned from school so they can utilize their knowledge, ideas, and training. Lots of technology companies are established based on this. Every year there are some brilliant students who established technology based start ups, which create lots of job opportunities to the American citizens. Their effort and work benefits all the people in this country and even the world. These technologies improve peoples life. It is all because two main factor, the USs start up ecological system and those outstanding technology students.

Everybody likes to work with smart people. Competition always creates more opportunities. Every year, US welcomes thousands of STEM students from other countries. This not only supports the academic and research development in accredited universities, but also support lots of local American STEM based companies. As we all know, this country still lack of STEM employees in lots of industries. We always need young people with enthusiasm to develop more job opportunities, create more great technologies and improve the US and global economy. If those international STEM students could only stay in US for the current 12 months, they will not be able to sufficiently apply their knowledge and have sufficient work experience. It is a big loss for everyone. This country cultivates them in high education. Without the supportive program, they will go back to their home country and become our competitors employees. We dont wanna see this happening. It is not true that OPT students occupied Americans job opportunities. 

Technology companies still prefer hiring American citizens in every extent, because in the application system, all the international students would have to answer a questions- "Do you have work authorization? Yes, or no.: The non-immigrants have to choose the fact and admit that its already very hard for them to find an internship or even a full time job. As far as I know, the main portion of these international STEM students pay their taxes every year and earn the same amount of income as a citizen. The company usually hire them because its very hard to find a substitute. This country lack STEM employees and we do need them working for us. I would suggest the government increase the available opportunities for citizens to learn STEM for the next generation or at any age so they can actually have the abilities that most technologies company need. It is true that some of the OPT students take the advantage of this status, like those India consultancy. This is not fair to every other international student. I do think at some point, the government should have better rules on those cheap labor Indian companies, so they wont occupy the job market, and make H1B become harder for other international students.
