Anonymous The proposed rule encourages more international students to seek better education and quality training in the Unites States which they don't have access to in their home county. US being one of the world's leader in research and development, the students get an firsthand experience on the emerging technology. The section 'Benefits of International Students in the United States' clearly states that international students have directly contributed to the economy of US via tuition and their contribution to the emerging technologies. The 24 month STEM extension proposal in place for the vacated 17 month extension would encourage more international students coming into the country for better education thus contributing directly to the economy.

The Mentoring and Training Plan outlined will definitely clear any doubts that people had in the 17 month extension. Through this new plan students get trained in the field of their STEM degree and also help the employer in drafting a plan that can effectively utilize their potential. I hope all doubters of the 17 month extension welcome this idea as the employer would clearly define the nature of job and the impact a STEM graduate's skill can make to the company's growth and the US economy.

Also I agree with the statement that the projects STEM students are involved in their workplace are generally long and goes for more than 2 years. These projects impact a company's goals and losing a STEM graduate working on a critical project can hurt the company. I work in a technology environment and I have seen projects go on for a long period of time as it involves many stakeholders with different ideas and perspectives. With the proposed Mentoring plan the employers will outline their expectation from the STEM graduates on these projects for a period of 24 months or more.

I believe those who are currently in the 17 month extension program should also benefit from the 24 month proposed extension by requesting the additional 7 month OPT period. Since these students have proven themselves in the work environment with their potential during the previous 17 month extension they should get a waiver from the proposed Mentoring and Training Plan if it becomes part of the final rule.


As stated in the section 'Safeguarding U.S. Workers Through Measures Consistent With Labor Market Protections' and being STEM graduate who had benefited from the vacated 17 month extension I believe that US citizens and STEM graduates are treated equally by employers with job responsibilities, compensation and benefits. From my experience and those around me I have not come across a STEM graduate being employed in place of a US citizen for accepting less compensation.
