Jenny Choi Why After 24 Years of Calling the US Home, I Will Be Forced to Leave:
My name is Jenny Choi. I'm 30 years old and am a Korean-American woman. My family and I immigrated to the United States in 1991 when I was 6 years old. My dad wanted to go to grad school in the United States, and he wanted to share the experience with our whole family (my mom, my little brother, and me) so we all came together. After he finished his master's in environmental engineering at the University of Missouri, my parents were faced with the decision of staying in the US or going back to Korea. After weighing many factors, my parents decided to remain in the US and work towards getting permanent residency. This decision was made in 1997, and our family moved to Seattle, Washington. When I turned 21 years-old in 2006, I was no longer eligible to be a dependent of my parents' visa, so I had to apply for my own visa to stay in the country. The only visa I was eligible for was the F-1 visa. In December 2014, I graduated with my master of public administration from the University of Washington. I was able to find a job with a nonprofit that was willing to sponsor an H-1B visa for me. I started part-time as a case aide for the agency Asian Counseling and Referral Service (ACRS) in Seattle and became a FTE as of February 2015. Sometime in June, I applied for a program manager position through the proper channels. I made it to the final round of interviews. My department director informed me that it was down to another external candidate and me. At my final interview, I had 7 supervisors from my department on the panel. The following week after my interview, the department director (Gary) called me to his office. Gary informed me that he had both good and bad news to share with me. Gary informed me that the panel of 7 supervisors (which included Gary) had unanimously picked me to be the program manager. However when he told the HR director at ACRS, the HR director claimed that there would be a lot of paperwork and potentially extra money involved because they would have to make changes to my H-1B visa application and told Gary to hire the runner-up candidate instead. They had already offered the job to the runner-up candidate (who happens to be a white male), and the runner-up candidate had already accepted the job offer when Gary shared all this with me. I was essentially told that I got the job but won't get the job because of extra paperwork that the HR director didn't want to do. When this happened, I consulted a friend of a friend who works at an immigration law office, and I was told that there wouldn't have been any issues with my H-1B visa application had they given me the program manager position. I also consulted with an employment attorney and learned that what the HR director did was highly illegal - he had practiced discrimination against me on the basis of my national origin. However, at this time, I was also under the impression that my H-1B visa would get approved, and I was not (and currently am not) in a place where I have the luxury of spending thousands of dollars to hire legal counsel in pursuit of a lawsuit. So back in July, when all this happened, I decided to absorb this unfortunate incident as a sunk cost and hope for the best once my H-1B visa was approved. On October 16, 2015, I called the attorney's office (the firm that's contracted with ACRS) to ask about my H-1B visa application because I was told that at the very latest, I would know about my H-1B visa by October. The attorney informed me that unfortunately, my H-1B visa was not approved and that USCIS reasoned that my master of public administration did not align with my role as a social worker (case manager). I consulted with a different immigration attorney regarding this issue, and she told me that had ACRS done the right thing in July and given me my rightfully earned program manager position, I wouldn't be facing this issue of my H-1B visa not getting approved. I have been consulting employment and immigration attorneys to see if I have legal options to seek justice for what has happened, but because of the systems in place, there doesn't seem to be many options for me. In addition, I'm incredibly strapped for time because my current temporary work visa (which is an addendum status that I applied for after my student F-1 visa) is only valid until January 18, 2016.
