Lucy Stephens I strongly SUPPORT this 24-month OPT extension rule.

Most opponents said that it's a tough time for graduates to find jobs and to terminate the OPT extension can help them ease this pressure. This viewpoint is so SHORT-SIGHTED. Currently, about, 10,000 international workers are benefit from STEM (17-months) regulation. Absolutely, terminating the OPT extension rule will provide more than 10,000 working spots for U.S. citizens. However, there will be several problems that should be considered clearly before doing this:

1) Are there enough U.S. STEM-majored graduates are qualified to fill these spots? Take my university as an example. I am a master student majored in computer science. In my department, the truth is more than half of students are international students. These top students from their own country come to the U.S. for good education and valued industry training opportunities and make contribution to the U.S. STEM industry. Returning them back must be great loss to the whole country.

2) What loss will bring to companies and the whole country's economy? These 10,000 international workers have already worked for their companies for more than one-year. The experience accumulated during this process are vital to companies. Some of them are just becoming productive and some of them are even in important positions. How to find enough skilled graduates to take over these peoples' job? What risk will companies have to take to train some many new-graduates from the start to make sure all their on-going projects will not be interrupted? 

3) How about viewing the whole thing in the long run? STEM-industry takes a really important role in the U.S. economy. Terminating the OPT extension rule will help U.S. citizens to find jobs in these industry. However, based on the analysis above, if the profit made by STEM-industry companies were highly affected by this, they had to layoff more people. The "benefit" to U.S. labor market is temporary and in the long run, it will make things WORSE!

4) If the OPT extension rule was terminated, it will definitely affect international talents to choose U.S. as their best choice for further study. As we know, international students pay great more than local students. Tuition paid by international students are vital for U.S. universities, especially for public universities to cover expenditure, to buy experiment instruments and to pay research funding. What will the termination bring to the academic development of the country? This should also be considered clearly.
