ANSHENG LING, Carnegie Mellon University As an international student from China, now studying in Bay Area, California, I strongly support this new OPT extension rule, not only from my point of view, but also for IT companies, U.S academic sectors and the whole United States. Here are my reasons.

First, new OPT extension rule helps IT companies to avoid unnecessary costs of talents training. Take FLAG(Facebook, Linkedin, Apple, Google) as an examples. These big companies have many training programs for junior engineers, associate designers and product managers, which last for months. The companies invested lots of money and resources in talents training. As a result, every time an employee fails to be selected in H1B lottery and has to leave U.S, it causes great waste and loss to the company they served before. More seriously, if they engaged in developing projects, it's also a big hamper to the project progress. 

Second, new OPT extension rule keeps U.S academic sectors competitive and attractive globally. Compared to academic sectors from U.K, Canada, Singapore, Japan and other countries, one of the biggest advantages of U.S academic sectors except for academic qualities, is the opportunity to stay and gain valuable post-graduate work experience. However Canada has already improved its working VISA policy and consequently results in rapid increase in the amount of international students. This new OPT rule helps U.S academic sectors to maintain their attraction in global talent competition.

Third, new OPT extension rule benefits United States society. Nowadays, most of core technical talents in high-tech companies and industries come from China and India. Without this OPT extension rule, they could only work in U.S for a year and then it will be a disaster to many high-tech companies and the whole industry. What's more, these foreign STEM talents greatly drive the economic. In 2014, the total consumption of all international students in U.S reached 26.8 billion. They greatly contribute to catering business and housing in America.

However, many people are worrying STEM students will take jobs from local students. But it's not true. STEM students could only work in STEM industries so they won's take jobs from other industries like finance, medical and etc.

As far as I am concerned, I highly appreciate the OPT extension and working experience in U.S. The three-year experience will greatly increases my horizon in software industry and contribute a lot to my future career back in China.
