Di Yan I totally support the new opt extension policy for the following reasons:

First of all, international students actually contribute to the US economy. Most of the international students work in the high tech industries like the IT industry. These industries provide great support to US economy. Even though these industries already hired a large amount of international student, they still cannot get enough of qualified work flow. I, myself, am working in Software Company. I know how the company now is struggling to hire more software engineers. Many teams are short of work forces. If international student can no longer work in the US, these industries will be facing a great crisis of work force shortage. Whats more, international student contribute to federal taxes as much as American citizens do, even though they dont share the same level of benefit sometimes. Many people come to the US to pursue an academic degree because US has a flexible policy to allow them to work after graduation to gain industrial experiences. These experiences allow them to stand out in the job market back in their countries too. If this opt extension were cancelled, I dont think US would attract this many international student then. And these students are supposed to study in many advanced field and many of them are among the best in these field. It would be a great loss to the US if these international students are no longer interested in coming to the US.

Secondly, I dont think international students who are using the STEM opt have any compete relationship with the US citizen. The industry they are working in cannot hire enough native workers. For some reason, there are not many US students who would like to study or pursue a high academic degree in the fields which are related to these industries. That is the main reason why only the international students who study in science, technology, engineering and math can have the opt extension. According to a 2013 report published by the Information Technology Industry Council (http://www.renewoureconomy.org/research/help-wanted-the-role-of-foreign-workers-in-the-innovation-economy/), while the national unemployment rate hovers around 8%, the unemployment rate for US citizens with a master or PHD degree in STEM is well below 4%. Unemployment is even lower in some STEM fields such as petroleum engineers (0.1%), statisticians (1.6%) and computer network architects (0.4%). Given that the US government has defined full-employment to be 4%, the data suggest that unemployment is nearly non-existent in STEM-related fields.

Thirdly, it is against American spirit to provide such an unfriendly environment for the people coming from other countries. America is founded by immigrant! It is because this country is willing to embrace so much diversity that it becomes so unique and powerful. If she closed her door now, she would just become a plain ordinary country without any spirit. 
