Wenjie Zheng First of all, there are two points that I want to state before my comments: 
1.Everyone should has the equal opportunity as long as they are not offending any existing law.
2.Competition is natural and is one of the best way to help the society grows.

As a foreign student, I decided to come to US because I think it has the best education resources in the world and I believe this country should also have the equal opportunity to compete with everyone in the world. We took pre-college exam like SAT and TOEFL to prove that we are fully prepared to compete equally with all US students. When finally graduated, we attended career fair like everyone else, handed in our resume and competed with everyone equally to fight for an job interview. We used what we learned in classes and our professional skills to prove that we are qualify to work in a company as a full-time employee. The statement above is trying to emphasize that, as a foreign student, we are all equal in this job market pool and we work as hard as other students do to crack interview and use our skills set to win a full time job. It is pointless to revoke this OPT extension proposal with any comments like: "We lose job opportunity because more and more foreign students come here to study." "Who proposes this does not really care about their country and there people." 

Further more, to support this proposal, I sincerely believe that competition is one of the best way to help our society grows. Also, I think most of people knows how bad a monopoly can be. The monopolist tags the price as much as they can, force you to buy from them because you have no choice and you can imagine how bad the customer service can be if they are monopolizing the market. A good and fair competition can significantly helps the society to grow. It is defintely unfair If a foreign student only have 12 months to do their optional training because they may be forced to quit their jobs if they are not lucky enough to get their ONLY ONE CHANCE H-1B visa, considering that bachelor degree has only 29.3% chance to get H1-B this year. The company will definitely take this risk into account when consider hiring foreign student even they are the super start during job interview and even worse, that candidate may lose the chance to make great positive impact to this company, or even the society and this country. Therefore, I sincerely recommend the government can approve this proposal to provide an equal opportunity to all foreign student who has contributed a lot to the country's education system (we are paying a lot of money to support our education) and would like to contribute more to the society.

Thank you.
