Part IV

8. The proposed OPT program runs afoul of anti-discrimination provisions.

DHS claims that mentoring programs have great value. However, formal mentoring programs are rare in industry. Formal mentoring programs are particularly rare for technology workers. As such, the proposed rule requires employers and universities to create such mentoring programs from scratch in order to hire aliens on OPT. 

If mentoring programs have the value DHS asserts in the proposed rule, should not Americans have the same benefit? Several commentators have observed that American students cannot get such mentoring programs from industry. E.g. ICEB-2015-0002-3573, ICEB-2015-0002-4756. Why is DHS requiring employers and universities to do so for alien workers?

The proposed rule requires universities and employers to create a new type of mentoring program that does not exist for Americans as a condition of hiring non-student aliens working on student visas under OPT. However, the proposed rule has no requirement that universities and employers provide the same kind of mentoring program to American graduates. As such, the proposed rule induces employers and universities to discriminate against American workers in violation of 1324b. 

The rule should:
a) Require employers participating in OPT to have formal mentoring and training programs in place for all workers (i.e., including American workers).
b) Require schools to evaluate the progress of its American graduates participating in such mentoring program the same way they are required to do so for aliens.

As written and without such requirements, the proposed rule is in violation of 1324b. 

9. The new protections for American workers are useless.

It is commendable that DHS has recognized the abuse in the OPT program by putting in place protections for American workers. Unfortunately, the proposal does nothing beyond recognizing the problem.

a) The proposed rule has no enforcement provisions, making it a paper tiger. There is 