Datong Sun I support this proposal for the following reasons:

1. If STEM extension did not pass, it hurts United States high-tech industry more than it hurts international students. Companies like Google and Apple could only became the leader of world technology because they could hire talented international employees. If this proposal got declined, high-tech companies will potentially lose hundreds of thousands qualified workers and those worker will be working for the competitors of US companies and can potentially cause billions of dollars of economic decline for the US high-tech industry.
2. International students are not directly against domestic workers. It might seems that employment opportunities were being taken by international workers, but please do note that high-tech industry never stops hiring. Most high-tech companies will be happy to hire as much qualified candidates as they can regardless that candidate is domestic worker or not. It is worth noting that the majority of STEM extension students ends up working for the high-tech industry where job opportunities are always open.
3. Kicking talented international workers out of the country makes no economical sense. Most of the high-tech companies, for example, Google, Facebook, have offices in Canada or Europe in order to keep employees who can not work inside the United States. Declining the STEM extension proposal does not stops companies from hiring foreign workers at all and all it does is to send those people overseas, paying their taxes and spend their money in another country that is not United States. It will hurts the US economy in the long term.
4. Foreign workers are creating much more job opportunities than ever. As we all know, F-1 students can only work in "highly specialized areas" that is directly related to their field of study. For STEM students, they tends to be very advanced positions that creates much more economical opportunities than most other occupations. This have created countless job opportunities inside the United States and will be completely gone if those workers can not even work in the US anymore.
5. I did noticed people complaining companies hiring "cheap foreign workers" and "fired domestic workers afterwards. " To what I can tell, most of the high-tech companies pays foreign workers just as much as domestic workers since their salary system is very well established. I haven't heard any particular companies trying to do that. If you were fired because your company hired some "cheap international workers, " I believe it is directly against current federal laws and you can report the name of the company to federal government and they will pay the price for it.

As I mentioned, STEM extension helps US economy and creates enormous job openings domestically. If it got declined, US economy will take a considerable hit and other countries would benefit from it. For those reasons, I support this proposal.
