Arun Deepak To begin with, I completely support this rule subject to a few changes which can make it easier to be practically implemented. United States of America has always been a land of immigrants and a place full of opportunities to the world's brightest talents. These talented international students after graduation contribute to the American Society by being involved in work and research for the benefit of the American Society, nay the world. Not only are the legal immigrants helping the natives by creating more employment opportunities but the government/country by being lawful taxpayers. I am completely baffled as to why the students who pay their tuition and taxes are being subjected to injustice.

The current rule does help the international students to a certain extent. However, there is still a major hurdle with the new rule as it places a heavy workload on the employers. I do agree that strict rules need to be enforced. However, the current proposal with too much paperwork might not be the best solution.The additional amount of paperwork involved will definitely cause bias and place the talented internationals at an additional disadvantage. The internationals already don't have an equal ground as they are automatically not qualified for federal government jobs due to their international status even if they are more qualified. An alternate could be to ask the employers to report the students work status directly to the DSO or USCIS instead of the student itself. Also to ensure that equality of labor is present, the salaries can be reported back as well.

Statistically speaking, the international students have created more jobs over the last few years directly or indirectly which has helped in reducing the unemployment rate. Contrary to popular belief of the naysayers, the inflow of international students will only improve the the country's economy and lead to evolution.The international students already hold the US which gave them the opportunity to learn from the best in high esteem. Instead of making life difficult, international students should be given the freedom to create their own American dream and help preserve the country's reputation as an undisputed leader in all walks of life, 

