Prasad Reddy Mendu Dear DHS,

First of all, thanks very much for proposing this new rule which allows STEM graduates to extend their 12 months OPT period by 24 additional months and I strongly support it.

This is a great decision by DHS which is a win-win for the STEM graduates, companies in the U.S and also to the economy of the United States.

We, students of STEM courses, come here to the U.S which we call "the land of opportunities" to better ourselves in the field of science of by getting education from the world class universities. Please note that we come here not just to get education but also to gain some real-world experience by working and getting trained at the companies here.

P.S: Please note that extending STEM is not equivalent to taking away opportunities from the citizens of the U.S. In fact, the STEM graduates work hard and get into companies and they want to change the way people use technology. So, in one way or the other they're contributing to the U.S. economy there by creating more jobs.

Let's come to bitter part, i.e., what will happen if this rule doesn't go through:
1)Existing students who are working here will hope to get their H1 picked up in the only chance they have
2)Because the number of H1s being issued is not even 1/3 of the number of people that apply(despite considering M.S quota), many people will not get their H1 and they will have to depart to their home country and leave voids in many of the companies in the U.S. The companies will lose revenue eventually.
3)The people who are thinking of coming here to study will decide not to come because no one would want to spend 25,000 dollars and get back to their home country with a huge loan to pay off. They would instead try joining a hot startup in their home country hoping to create miracles(I know for a fact that startup scene is booming like crazy throughout the world) there by making their country a big competition to the U.S.

I see that in the proposed rule states that the supervisor will need to fill out a form for the student to submit the application for STEM extension. Please note that not many supervisors out there want to spend some extra time to fill out a form for all the OPT students under him/her. It would be great if you can waive that.

Lastly, I want to thank DHS for everything they have done till now which has given an opportunity for many people to come here as legal immigrants and also for them to work here get a feel of how living in the U.S. feels like.

God bless the U.S of A!

Thanks.
