Gautam Kumar Ginjupalli It is unfortunate that the STEM OPT Extension rule is facing lot of criticism. The basis for making the STEM OPT extension rule in 2007, clearly indicates that there is need for skilled workers in USA. However, which employers are benefited and who is losing due to this rule is a different subject. The STEM candidates are working here and Jobs are not outsourced. Apart from getting the job done, the candidates are acquiring new skills and out of those who are eligible for a H1 are continuing to serve US.

The comment that the burden on H1 is increasing is not relevant in this context. In fact it is fact a burden on the candidates who continually pay for applying for H1 in several futile attempts. Whether there is increased number of applications or lesser number is no way connected to the STEM duration. Because, at the end of the day the number of H1 are same and the number of candidates US retains is also same as long as the H1 limit remains the same. That is not a concern for the country, because they retain fixed number of STEM candidates every year.

Another criticism is that the STEM candidates are ruining the opportunities of US job seekers. If US job seekers interests are to be protected, it is better that US cancels the H1 VISA's and work permits and then all the jobs can go to US citizens. If that is the case, why is US is having the policy H1 VISA and other work permits, similar to UK they can send the students out of the country after graduation. 

The bottom line is that US universities need foreign students and their fees. In addition, they also need non US skilled work force. That's why they bought the rule of STEM extension initially though it has legal flaws. In reality, STEM extension to 24 months is the need of the hour for the country. They might revoke it at appropriate time if they don't need it by passing a suitable law at any time. Therefore, the proposed 24 month STEM extension rule is perfectly thought and structured. There are certainly some tough issues like the training to the candidates on site and the evaluation by the DSO. It would be nice if the the employers are given some liberty in coming up with kind of training they can offer to the candidate during the STEM OPT period.
