Yiqi Xin I am an international student studying in the U.S., and graduating in December. I understand that the domestic students might concern that extending the OPT for STEM majors might make it harder for them to launch a job, or jobs are being taken away by international students. However, given that the majority of STEM majors are composed of international students and given the high demand of graduates with strong technical skills, it is reasonable that a lot of the employees at technology companies are international students. As a country that endorses diversities and promotes equal employment, qualities and skills shall be the main drivers for decision when the companies are hiring. I don't see that keeping the door open for international students will harm the domestic students. If the amount of domestic students major in STEM majors increase, I believe the presence of domestic students in the technology industry and more technical positions will increase. As everyone in the industry might know, having a 1 year working experience cannot add too much value to the resume. For those who are not able to get H-1B after 1 year of hire, they pretty much wasted a year since they will not be considered an experienced hire when they need to go back to their country and look for a new role. If the intend for OPT is for students to gain experiences, 1 year is far from enough especially for technical roles that require in-depth knowledge in a specific area. The U.S. companies also will suffer from the policy. They invest so much money and time to train a new hire and all the investments become worthless if the new hire has to leave the firm after 1 year.

Why are all those international students trying to remain in the U.S.? One of a major reason is that the start salary is much higher than in their own country. Of course, it is for experience, but let's be realistic, salary is a big selling point. If the STEM extension rule fails to pass, college graduates with strong mathematics/science/programming skills will go back to their country and find a job. The companies in the U.S. might not be able to find enough people with the required skills. It will cause the companies to outsource all the jobs to other countries. Great, in other countries, they could find all the college graduated from prestigious U.S. universities with the skills they are looking for. If that is the case, it will really harm the U.S.'s economy. Why are we only extending OPT for STEM majors? Why aren't we extending OPT for business majors? It is because that the U.S. needs STEM majors graduates, the companies need their skills, and the demand is far from being filled. 

Not only the international students need the extension in order to gain real world working experiences after their graduation, but also the companies, the market, and the U.S. need these group of people to improve the economy and help the U.S. stay in the lead in various fields. With all of the above being said, I truly do believe that the benefits will over-weight the harms for passing the STEM extension rule. 

Thank you for your time and attention for reading through my comments!
