Jiayi Wen Im a PhD in mathematics and currently working under OPT. I strongly support the new OPT rule to extend the STEM OPT duration. 24-month extension is great, though the longer the better, such as 36 months. I also support the Cap-Gap Regulations for those students who would like to work in the US under H-1B. 

The new OPT rule will significantly benefit United States together with all the citizens. The high tech and academic international professionals are making huge contribution to US economy not only in the short term, but also in the long term. Its clearly a fact that a lot of advanced research and leading technology has been innovated by those who were previously international students in the STEM field. They contribute enormously to US companies and academia to take the leadership in the world. It will be a loss to the US if the top international STEM students can only work for a very short period of time simply because of the work authorization limits. If there is no OPT extension, these talented students will HAVE TO leave the US just one year after graduation and go to somewhere else where their talent is appreciated and fully utilized. The consequence is that the US will lose its leading position slowly but surely. The US citizens will therefore lose the privileges that are granted by such leadership in the world.

Some of the citizens argue that the OPT rule is in favor of F1 students to take the place of local people in the job market. But this is not true. As an international student who has spent a couple of months hunting for a job, I can testify how hard it is to find an employer that is willing to take the risk of having one for as short as one year. This is because on average a newbie needs at least three to six months training to take over independent work. As far as the employer is concerned, why waste the resource on someone who might leave very soon once he/she receives the training? In a result, many employers prefer to hire those who are permanently authorized to work in the US. It means international students have far less opportunities. 

Moreover, US are actually SHORT of STEM students, as reported by USNews. According to adeccousa.com, for every STEM student there is 1.9 job position, and by 2018 there will have 2.4 million unfilled STEM positions. So even though all the local STEM students are hired, many companies still need tons of international STEM students to fill up the shortage. The extension of OPT will thus help lots of employers remarkably save resources and keep top talents. 

Some others may still tell the stories like I lost my job or my friend/relative cant find a job because of international STEM students and their OPT. This assumptive causal relation is rather subjective and ungrounded. As mentioned above, there are sufficient job openings on the market. So instead of blaming failure all to others, why not reflecting on oneself first? It may well due to that one doesnt make preparation good enough, or doesnt have proper degree, or simply doesnt have qualified performance for the interview. After all, blaming ones own failure to other factors is the easiest thing, yet not sensible at all.

Here I quote two major comments that are against the rule:
1. OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; 
2. OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.

To refute the first statement, Id like to point out that the so-called 430,000 positions denied by OPT are not necessarily related to STEM field. 2009-2013 is the period when the high tech industry (typically where the STEM students are needed most) expanded insanely fast, thus providing huge numbers of positions. In addition, great discrepancy lies between supply and demand of STEM talents in that there are tens of thousands of unfilled job vacancies in the industry. How come that American workers are denied because of OPT? Plus, feel free to ask universities and high tech companies how much contribution those top INTERNATIONAL STEM STUDENTS have made, and how much they benefit from OPT extension. 

About the second argument, I would say it simply doesnt stand by itself based on the above elaboration. With the STEM job market being widely open, companies demand more STEM graduates than schools provide. So less international students doesnt generate more chance for native applicants. On the contrary, it simply means less people taking the vacancies and thus less tax to pay. Its just far from convincing to say Social Security and Medicare earned less tax due to OPT. 

In conclusion, a longer OPT extension is a win-win rule for both US and international STEM students. When international STEM students get enough practice and experience, they also contribute greatly to US in terms of leading research and advanced technology, which will benefit the country and its people in a short and long term.
