D Kang I support to expand the current OPT program for STEM students, because it doesn't only benefit these foreign students as it appears to be, but also contribute to America's economic growth, thus benefit every American. Here are my two reasons.

1. There is a STEM talent shortage in America, which has been reported in many sources. For example http://www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2014/09/15/the-stem-worker-shortage-is-real. A well-known phenomena also supports this fact. Many high-tech employers have to hire foreign students to fill in their STEM positions. It is not because foreign students cost less. Instead an employer need to assume a higher cost to hire a foreign student because of high attorney fee, H1B visa application cost, and etc. A more logical reason is because there are no enough qualifying domestic students that can fill in those STEM positions. This fact simply points out that foreign STEM students are not competitors with qualifying domestic STEM students, but they are important workforce to fill in the large number of unfilled STEM jobs. 

2. Having foreign students filling in these STEM positions also contributes to America's economic growth. It is usually hard to imagine one group of people's contribution unless you think in a opposite way. Let's imagine what American high-tech industry may look like without those foreign STEM students. Apple may lack enough software/hardware engineers to develop its next-generation iPhone and new iOS system. Tesla may have to halt its electrical car improvement program because they may lose numerous talented electrical engineers from China, India, Europe, and Japan. Uber app may stop running because some key app developers/maintainers may have to go back to their own countries. For the same reason, Google map may not run as smooth as before, Boeing may have to delay its development plan for a new model of aircraft, Amazon may not be able to quickly respond to fraud transaction... None of the cases that I can see create jobs for Americans. Excluding these STEM foreign students from U.S. can detrimentally slow down the engine of American economy, which is technological innovation. On the other hand, the expansion of STEM OPT program would allow these foreign STEM students to extend their stay in these high-tech positions and further drive technological innovation, which doesn't kill any jobs, but create tons of jobs for Americans. Those jobs may be for Apple store sale persons, may be for Tesla electric car advertisers, may be for Uber drivers. Besides job, it also promotes everyone American people's working efficiency and life quality by serving greater google map, by providing quicker and safer aircraft, by offering fraud-free online shopping. 

For the benefit of both Americans and those foreign STEM students, I strongly support this initiative.
