Isabel Powell I strongly support this proposal of STEM extension; this is very crucial for the future of U.S and even influence the whole world in different aspects. I totally agree that the government should at first serve its citizens and the jobs are provided mainly for people live in this country and pay taxes. But, the prosperous U.S build on not only its own people, but also the intelligent and ambitious people who seek American dream here, achieve themselves and also the great country. From the beginning of the history of America till now, this kind of stories have happened again and again and shape America as the place that is most creative and attractive. Once the door has been closed, U.S will soon lose its charm and also its key value.
Whats the most precious thing for a country? The intelligent and creative people. Whats the key of continuous success for a country? Science and technology. Students from STEM major are the smart people who contribute, and actually do contribute their intelligence to the rapid development of science and technology. There are NEVER TOO MANY of them, NEVER. Please go the universities, the research institutions, and high-tech companies to see how many smart people from all around the world study and work there. And even many famous professors of top universities, founder of new companies and highly respected researchers are not American. Will America be a better place without those people? Is it a loss or a gain for America that these people go back to their own country? I think the answer is obvious.
Some people may argue that these students deprive jobs from Americans. This is not the case. First, most unemployed people in America are workers, drivers and other positions that do not need high education. But students of STEM major do not apply this kind of jobs. In fact, they are not even allowed to. To obtain h1b, they have to work in the field related to their major. And in the field that most STEM students work in, are actually of great need of new grads every year and students born in America cannot satisfy this need. Thats why the companies hire them. If not, why do they want to pay thousands of dollars and take the risk that the employee may not get h1b and has to leave? They are merchants, not philanthropists. If the h1b is only 1 year, the companies will lose many employees every year, which they have paid a lot of money on hiring process, training and applying h1b. This is the loss for them, and also the loss for the country. And, if they can not hire enough qualified people from U.S, they will relocate to India, China, other places which can provide engineers. This kind of things happened in the field of manufacturing. If it happened in the field of high technology, the field that support the country, it would be a nightmare. 
So, the h1b STEM extension, is very import for the country and will has unimaginable huge influence in the future of America. Please, please do consider my reasons and make true decision for the sake of U.S.
