Xuesong Li I advocate for the OPT extension plan. The goal of OPT extension is not to put international persons over US persons - it is used to fill positions that need qualified employees. International persons have already suffered from cultural and language barriers in landing a job. Industries have also been hesitated in hiring international persons because of sponsorship issues, and there are many positions that requires clearance from the government, which international students cannot apply for. Dear fellows who object this proposal saying Americans are losing jobs to internationals - there are so many high-level or low-to-medium-level openings that internationals can never touch because of identities or English fluency, why blaming internationals for having the other R&D jobs? If the big companies have to fill in Americans even they are not qualified, then the whole US industry will suffer, suffer from less competitive than the rest of countries.

Think about it - How would you define "Americans?" If STEM students are valued and are willing to stay in the US (And the government is willing to let them in), they become Americans, just like most of the people here did 200 years ago. The STEM internationals purchase dwellings, naturalize, pay taxes, donate to charities, contribute to the society, just like typical Americans do, and they are still labeled as internationals, even if they have citizenship in the US. Despite of this, many STEM students still want to stay in the US and make contributions. If the US is still willing to bring in fresh minds and talents by attracting new immigrants, who you would like to bring in? 

Lastly I am not going to write to my senator to express my feelings regarding this policy, even I can do it. If we have some time to spend freely, instead of complaining, please think about how to make US better. As internationals, we need to be able to stay in the US after graduation to make this happen, and it takes time for internationals to overcome the barriers to contribute more efficiently. 24 months sounds quite reasonable to me. 
