Anonymous Any post university training program should not last longer than one year total. Any longer and it becomes employment. The proposal would make it possible to have a three year training, plus the potential for an additional two years if earning a second STEM degree at a higher education level
The safeguarding for US workers in related fields is extremely weak in the proposal. In fact, since the requirements are so low, they actually promote the hiring of OPT trainees instead, for which companies can pay "trainee" type wages (minimum wage). How could a US Citizen or Permanent Resident recent graduate expect to compete for this position while saddled with student debt?
The costs of the standards in the proposed rule of approximately $71.7 million dollars per year to facilitate the OPT 24 month extension could be much better allocated in the form of full scholarships to US citizens and Permanent residents to study in STEM fields reducing the US reliance on foreign labor in particular in fields of sensitive technology for national security reasons.
There is a terrible trend occurring. To illustrate, three Michigan Universities alone (U of M, MSU and Wayne State) provided close to a billion dollars in aid, tuition and teaching assistantships to foreign students in 2011. US and Permanent Resident students attend undergraduate classes and pay tuition that is then often redistributed to foreign grad students who have no student debt in the form of free tuition or teaching assistantships or other support. Only a small body of US citizen and permanent resident students graduate debt free and have the means to continue to grad school. There then exists a gap for which employers look to foreign labor to fill. 
Instead of helping the problem, the proposed rule will only make this cycle worse and hurt US Citizen and Permanent Resident students. The proposed rule will increase the number of foreign students applying to the universities (as appears to be one of the stated goals of the proposal), with the ultimate goal to obtain a job in the US. However, in consequence US Citizen and Permanent Resident students will be forced to attend lesser schools due to availability and competition, and face greater competition for work when they do graduate.
Any proposed rule should not be at the expense of those who are citizens and permanent residents. Twelve months of OPT for all foreign university students in the spirit of international exchange is a reasonable compromise to allow training that might be unavailable in the home country.

