Yi Cai I would like to vote for this proposed rule and argue with those oppositions with the following facts.
There are lots of voices like" keep all those jobs to Americans". But let's face it, Americans DO NOT LIKE STEM CAREERS! As one of the graduates from a STEM major, most of my American friends chose careers in fields like consulting/finance/banking those require less labor and paid better. And yet, international students are much more disadvantaged than domestic graduates because they have to pass censuses by immigration bureaus, waiting forever to get work authorizations etc. Even after all these tedious regulations, they have to compete with less smooth expressing skills which most of the companies require in their job prescriptions. What's more, even if international and domestic STEM students are equal competitive, companies usually don't want to risk time/money to train international students just for one or two years, it's just not cost effective for them. But the fact is, international students have to be much more talented than domestic ones to get the same positions, let alone those unmatched networks that American students' families/friends/relatives have. So, after all these advantages that domestic STEM students have, they are still crying about jobs being robbed by foreign students, it is just unfair and pathetic.
About wages, it is clearly stated in the proposal section V, paragraph G (80 FR 63376)that '' (2) the employer will not terminate, lay off, or furlough a U.S. worker as a result of providing the STEM OPT to the student; ''and '' employers hiring high-skilled STEM OPT students would be able to refer to prevailing wages provided by the Department of Labor's Office of Foreign Labor Certification for employees in the same occupation in the same area of employment''. This is almost the same restriction to those in H1b visas. So what are the excuses that foreign STEM students would get any benefits from low payments? Meanwhile, they can also be protected from those malicious low payment companies. Still, lots of the comments have the logic that foreign students shouldn't take those well-paid jobs even if they contributed to companies&America way more than paid, so Americans can take them. Let's says the number of native STEM students are fixed, no competence from international students will cause the compensation for those positions rise amazingly high shortly after this. Companies/STEM industries/America will suffer from a high human resource cost in those areas, damaging the development of technologies/industries. Thus the whole society will suffer from economy stalling and a higher unemployment rate. 
Also about taxes, most Americans don't know that F1 students pay taxes and all sorts of fees just like natives WITHOUT enjoying most of the benefits! International students just receive a 5000 dollars tax deductible for a whole tax year, it is just a small portion of the annual salaries. 
Finally, I also want to argue that foreign students in America created 320k jobs in the education industry and they paid incredibly more tuition than local people. They bring billion dollars to this country to consume, to pay, to spend, and most of them return their homes without any job offers. This is a pure discrimination and sarcasm for a country built by immigrants. GOD BLESS AMERICA.
