Sarah Desmet I live in Manhattan, Kansas, the site of Kansas State University and its highly profitable Veterinary medicine program. For more than 10 years, I have prepared IRS tax filings for F-1 visa holders, some who are converted to H-1B by the university, others who find employment with the local web firm (CivicsPlus) and are then extended H-1B visas by the firm. (This small, isolated, boring town has high unemployment and primarily low-paying service jobs not requiring a college degree despite the young, poorly-prepared Kansas kids wasting $40k+ in debt to only end up working at Olive Garden or Walmart again.) 

Each of the non-US Resident family situations I know varies -- single men, married women and men whose spouses still live in their country of origin and whose children are with them, perhaps born in the US, as well as people who have spouses and children with them in the US.

I can truthfully attest that 100% of my 100+ clients (majority from China and India, a few from Central America) aim (or aimed) to immigrate to the US, achieve permanent residency and become US citizens. None are or were ever truly "non-immigrants." (Hence the attention to taxes, for 20 hr./wk of work.) The years of struggle, not leaving the country, filing paperwork with IRS and USCIS, saving money for the fees has a single aim: to become a US citizen. I have often been asked if I 'have a man,' or have a woman' the singles could simply marry. I always say, "Even asking me that is illegal."

My opinion about the OPT option is I know why it was implemented. The majority of graduate students at KSU with true non-academia job potential are foreign nationals. They staff the labs for no pay, little pay, and our tech company with flaming intelligence and eagerness for superior performance. If we send them home, we lose all that education to another country, possibly a competitive enemy. Why not keep the best and brightest here, paying for taxes and health insurance, especially if that's what they want? These people are the most eager to do everything exactly right vis-s-vis the Government.

I also know that almost any native-born US student, would rather live and work anywhere else but Manhattan, KS. My tax-dollar funded state behemoth can barely attract out-of-state C students and the ranks of top-paying, no-English speaking Chinese students in the business school grows every year. (That we pay our football coach $10m/year is another issue directly related to the health of our otherwise desperate economy.)

So go ahead and do this. Make it easier for the brightest to become US citizens. Do NOT, however, do this with the subterfuge that all F-1's are "non-immigrants." Get them on the payroll and paying taxes ASAP. Otherwise this looks like corporate abuse of desperate people who will accept low wages and immobility. That is to say, it wreaks of corporate welfare. Bind this policy to mandatory, on-going and aggressive audits of corporate alien employment, including people repackaged by outsourcing and consultancy agreements. 

(While you're at it, can you crack down on the growing number of slaughterhouses and other food agriculture firms I see that use false social security numbers and withhold taxes from their alien employees without transferring the funds to the state or feds? Also the growing number of service firms owned by Chinese clans, the leader in Los Angeles who bought citizenship with his investment money, then turned around to abuse the alien who couldn't afford a free pass, or overstayed his F-1.)

It is cruel and unusual punishment to allow the people who worked hard and truly want to be US Citizens to suffer,. Meanwhile confused (and/or abused, eg DIsney, SCE) US nationals sense they are unable to gain employment, get angry and more and more racist (and they still won't move to Kansas) while the few huge multi-national corporations most benefiting from this scenario pay less in employment tax, aggregate wealth within untaxed management compensation and then have the balls to offshore profits ever more easily. 

Also, the judge probably should have recused herself due to her husband's legal practice in immigration law. (Very sloppy!) Find another judge.

Good luck!
