Ajay Panwar The Honorable Jeh Johnson
Secretary of Homeland Security
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I am an international student from Arizona State University (ASU) and 80% of ASU graduate students are international students and a vast majority of those are in the United States on F-1 visas. I and many of my colleagues will be strongly affected by the Proposed Rule.

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. I'm particularly excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months.

I am planning to use OPT Extension after my 12 months OPT period also I am glad my international colleagues will be able to gain practical training experience in the US because of this proposed rule. I'm currently working as a Design Quality Engineer II in a medical device industry where my everyday action and decisions help saving life of thousands of people. Medical device needs highly dedicated and disciplined people who can contribute to the safe device which ultimately saves the Human Life. Thus, many international scholar with strong grip on knowledge and excellent dedication are working here in my present company. Also, I'm really glad my Master's degree from Arizona State University is helping me a lot in my Job which also full filling the great requirements of the company needs. I also got promoted from Engineer I to Engineer II in my first 4 months of joining at my present company because of passion. 

I'm working on millions dollar project (200Million Dollar minimum) I guess if I had to leave, company and the U.S. economy will crash exponentially with this rule. I can definitely tell, more than 70,000 F-1 OPT students are working like this. Now, the decision is on your hands to save or to crash. 

Also, I believe if I had to leave the U.S.A because of OPT Stem extension, it will not only be a difficult for me but it will be a high shock to my present company, since they need talented people and I'm on the edge of leaving them if OPT Extension rule didn't passed. 

I'm highly confident, proposed rule will definitely help many international students to gain U.S. experience which will help them in building their career and also help U.S. in making the strongest economy in the world like I'm doing.

I am very concerned with the possibility that my STEM OPT Extension or the ability of students to make use of the STEM OPT Extension might be disrupted by recent court actions, upcoming court actions, and delays in this rulemaking process. I commend DHS for working quickly to prepare this new Proposed Rule.

I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to F-1 students.

Last but not the least, this proposed rule will also do this: 
"AMERICA WILL HELP PEOPLE TO ACHIEVE THEIR DREAMS"


Best regards,

Ajay Panwar
Arizona State University
Mechanical Engineering
Professional Engineer 
