Shasank Samrat Dear sir, I would love bring your attention to how the extension of OPT opportunities and cap gap relief for F-1 students makes the whole US visa process a dumb charade, without first making some procedural changes to how an f-1 visa application is considered, at least till a legislation is passed to make f-1 visa a dual intent visa.

I was refused a student visa (F-1) almost 15 years ago, even though I have secured full funding for a 4 years engg. degree at a university ranked within top 100 consistently over last few year. There was as gap of 3 years after my 10+2 due to personal situations Also I didn't want to apply for a f-1 with misleading financial documentation which more than 90 percent of visa applicants submit and get visas. I took my time to prepare and secure good SAT general and subject scores to win full scholarship at one of the best universities (which is consistently ranked on par with the best universities in the world especially in my home country).

But to my great disappointment, visa officer used 214b as a easy way out to refuse my visa as prospective immigrant. I am sure the same visa officer may have issued many f-1 visas to students who used "personal resources" to come and study in US just because they didn't have the 3 years gap in education or because they have "personal resources" to support their education. More than 90 percent of these people, have most probably, stayed on, using OPT and then applied for h-1b and green card. The end games turns out to be sheer luck or volume of documentation (now a days there are dime a dozen shops all over the world who provide this for student visas).

In my own personal experience, I have known at least 100 people who have come to US in late 1990 and 2000s on f-1 visas and of them only 4 have returned, but only after acquiring US citizenship and that too after they have sensed some excellent business opportunities or career opportunities back home. 

My very own experience clearly goes on to prove that 99 percent of the subjective decision regarding f-1 visa issuance have proved wrong,both those which were issued and which were rejected. I always wanted to completed my masters and probably PhD and return to my home country to become a professor with a different outlook and approach from the locally educated professors; who, I feel do not have that creative approach to education which Europe or US educated academicians have.

Of course, I have completed my masters in Australia and worked for a while In United Kingdom but now back in my home country ,self employed as a consultant. But I have never again tried for a US visa even when I have had some business opportunity or some invitation because I am greatly shocked by the way in which the subjective US visa decisions are made. From my experience of UK Australia and Canada, where visa officers are given clear guidelines to make Objective decisions rather than subjective decisions, I believe US too can do some thing in this matter.

Even though I have never been to US and also probably might never visit US, but I do show interest in US politics and economy because whether I like it or not, it is the US that drives the world in all spheres that affect the life of an urban dweller any where in the world. 

Recently, I was very much moved when a student whose f-1 visa was refused, where as most of his friends with almost similar back ground, got visas and proceeded to US for further studies, took an extreme step. He felt humiliated and committed suicide.

I am fully aware that making f-1 visa a dual intent visa requires legislation rather than administrative action. But after having gone through a lot of your rule making process here and how you have made some guidelines regarding considering some other non immigrant visas as dual intent, I believe, you can do something about it, like establishing clear guidelines in FAM procedural notes to make Objective rather than subjective decisions regarding issuance of f-1 visas, like students with excellent record,scores and admission at universities of considerable reputation and those with funding from university should not be refused using 214b.

if you do not make this essential change to f-1 visa rule, the total exercise you are doing to enhance ops for f-1 students which would be beneficial to both parties (students as well as US) would be futile as it doesn't give equal consideration to all those who have a dream of studying in US and makes the process a dumb charade and portrays US in a poor light in this age and time when smaller countries like Australia, UK etc have adapted to the changing situations.
