Tanay Samant I strongly support the OPT STEM extension. Here are my reasons for the support:

1. I have completed my PhD and Post doctoral fellowship and am working in a major pharmaceutical company to get my additional training in my field of expertise. I have received extensive education and if this extension does not go through then I will be forced to go back to my home country and utilize the education that I have got here in the US. I want to contribute to the growth of the pharmaceutical industry in the US so that the world can benefit through a cutting edge research. I assure you, please like us who have had their PhDs and post doctorates are certainly not cheap labor. We have to go through a competitive job interview process and have equal expertise to the best minds in the field. 
2. With respect to taxes, I am on my F1 visa and OPT STEM extension and I pay similar taxes to that of the US citizens including SSN and Medical. It is a misconception amongst the general public that we do not pay similar taxes. After 5 years of being in the country all international students have to pay similar taxes. Once anyone has a PhD it takes typically 5-6 years to get that degree, so when we enter the job market we have to pay similar taxes if not more. This situation is true to all my colleagues and friends who are on their F1 or opt stem extension and have been in the country for 5 years or more. 
3. Being a F1 student, we rent apartments, enjoy good food, eat out at restaurants, purchase American made products, cars. This in turn majorly contributes to the American economy. Also, if you have a look at the top companies in the US some of them have been founded by international students who have in turn contributed immensely to the development of the country and giving back jobs. Thus we do not take American jobs, instead we help create a lot of American jobs.

Again, the DHS/USCIS has taken a great decision to extend the OPT STEM extension and from my personal experience of getting the additional training and then contributing back to the US society, I full support the new proposed rule.

