George Peabody, Molokai Advertiser- News More important is that Americans need a Natural Born Citizen of USA to keep and protect and enforce the Constitution FOR the united States of America!

Aloha: I support Ted Cruz as our very best Senator, but he is NOT eligible for POTUS, he is NOT a Natural Born Citizen of USA. If he is nominated, the DNC will surely route him out, and win by default. Neal Katyal & Paul Clement wrote: There are plenty of serious issues to debate in the upcoming presidential election cycle. The less time spent dealing with specious objections to candidate eligibility, the better. They published their misleading anti-Constitutional opinion rationalizing that Obama and Cruz and Rubio are eligible, and published in Harvard where all these Obama/Clinton crooks attended.
But no one who knows the following truths of law will allow our elections to be defrauded again by another ineligible candidate who is NOT NBC ! PLEASE, Sen. Ted Cruz, do not violate the NBC requirement as does Obama! You are a great senator, but you are NOT NBC! Stay in the Senate where we can all support your efforts to protect and defend the Constitution FOR the united States of America.

Truth: Natural Born US Citizen must be to PARENTS who are US Citizens.

" 212. Citizens and Natives. The citizens are members of the civil society; bound to this society by certain duties, and subject to its authority, they participate equally in its advantages. The natives, or natural-born citizens, are those born in the country, to parents who are citizens. As the society cannot exist and perpetuate itself otherwise than by the children of the citizens, these children naturally follow the condition of their fathers, and succeed to all their rights. The society is supposed to desire this, in consequence of what it owes to its own preservation; and it is presumed, as matter of course, that each citizen, upon entering into society, reserves to his children the right of becoming members of it. The country of the fathers is therefore that of the children; and those become true citizens merely by their tacit consent. We shall soon see whether, on their coming to the years of discretion, they may renounce their right, and what they owe to the society in which they were born. I say, that, in order to be of the country, it is necessary that a person be born of a father who is a citizen; for, if he is born there of a foreigner, it will only be the place of his birth, and not his country." 
An alien is a person born out of the jurisdiction of the United States.
It is indispensable, too, that the president should be a natural born citizen of the United States; or a citizen at the adoption of the constitution, and for fourteen years before his election. This permission of a naturalized citizen to become president is an exception from the great fundamental policy of all governments, to exclude foreign influence from their executive councils and duties. It was doubtless introduced (for it has now become by lapse of time merely nominal, and will soon become wholly extinct) out of respect to those distinguished revolutionary patriots, who were born in a foreign land, and yet had entitled themselves to high honours in their adopted country. A positive exclusion of them from the office would have been unjust to their merits, and painful to their sensibilities. But the general propriety of the exclusion of foreigners, in common cases, will scarcely be doubted by any sound statesman. It cuts off all chances for ambitious foreigners, who might otherwise be intriguing for the office; and interposes a barrier against those corrupt interferences of foreign governments in executive elections, which have inflicted the most serious evils upon the elective monarchies of Europe. Germany, Poland, and even the pontificate of Rome, are sad, but instructive examples of the enduring mischiefs arising from this source.
Under our Constitution the question is settled by its express language, and when we are informed that, excepting those who were citizens, (however the capacity was acquired,) at the time the Constitution was adopted, no person is eligible to the office of president unless he is a natural born citizen, the principle that the place of birth creates the relative quality is established as to us.
Sen. Cruz is not a natural born Citizen of USA, and may be a citizen of Cuba or Canada following his father, and Sen. Cruzs own birthplace in Canada.

Please reply.

aloha, George Peabody
10254 Kamehameha V Hwy
Kaunakakai, HI 96748
