Shiyao Wu I strongly SUPPORT the OPT extension proposal and I consider it beneficial not only to international students in STEM fields, but also to the country as a whole. My reasons can be listed as follows:

1.Being an international student who just graduated and got a job I want in the state, I am grateful to my school for the high quality education and training, as well as to the country for its openness and willingness to embrace diversity. I believe all other international students in similar situation feel the same way. After a few years of hardworking and intense training, we are ready to give back and contribute to the country. The government should make the right choice and let these highly educated and well trained international students stay.
2.Great improvement comes out of benign competition. International students are mostly top students from all over the world. The competition brought in by them will help maintain the robustness of domestic labor market and contribute to a more promising future. 
3.With the increasing trend of globalization, the role of international students as a business and culture bridge between the US and their home countries is more and more important. Their culture background and connections in their home countries will be of great help in international business cooperation.
4.People may say that allowing international students to work in the state after graduation makes job hunting more difficult for domestic workers. However, the number of international students looking for job in the state is way less than that of domestic workers, not to mention the difficulties international students face when looking for an employer who is willing to go through complicated visa application process and pay extra money for sponsorship. If one overcame all the obstacles, he/she is the one the government wants to keep.

Currently hundreds of thousands of international students are on their OPT extension period, even more who are qualified for extension are finishing up their original 12 months of OPT soon. Without OPT extension, most of them will be sent home in the near future, which will dramatically impact the country in several different ways:

1.International students are taking on increasing responsibility in STEM fields, especially in IT and engineering industries. Sending these highly skilled employees back will result in great loss to those industries, not to mention the amount of energy and money those employers spent on training their employees in the first 12 months. 
2.Schools in the US will be less attractive to potential international students compared to those in other countries with more supportive policy, which will lead to dramatic decrease in their revenue from international sources. 
3.Except for those sectors that are directly influenced by the policy, other sectors such as tourism, retail industries will be affected, too, adding on the negative impact on the countrys economy as a whole. 

