Rui Chen Suppose one morning you ate 4 pieces of bread with a cup of coffee and you felt wonderful. And suddenly someone came along and told you that you could do without the first two pieces of bread and the first one third of the coffee you drank, for it is after you ate the final piece of bread and you drank the last two thirds of the coffee that you started to feel wonderful, and that this would save you a lot of money for you need only two pieces of bread and two thirds of the coffee. Would you agree with this person? I would say any reasonable person would not.

What it turned out, however, is that a lot of people who opposed this new regulation, are proposing something like.

Contrary to what most of the people who object to this new regulation, STEM students who are on OPTs are not "taking the jobs away" from good hard working Americans, but they are helping to provide more opportunities on the market, and essentially benefitting both these students themselves as well as American citizens. For one, in dynamic industries, especially in those that involve ever-changing technologies, new innovations and ideas, jobs are not gold nuggets lying on the ground for the taking and the more people try to pick them up the less the average is going to end up with. Jobs are CREATED, they are one of many symbols of the growth of productivity in the industry and an indicator on the health of the system, when an industry is growing, it will open up opportunities for new comers as well as people who would like to make changes in their career. Such growth is enormous in the industries where people with STEM degrees are valued. But unbeknownst to many who oppose this new regulation, is how much the international students with OPT in their hands have contributed and are still contributing to this growth.

It is no hard to find someone from the media telling people that these international students are "taking the jobs away" simply by quoting a number of how many of these students are employed. However, the logic behind such claims are not much different from the claims that automated machinery and computers are taking away jobs from people when said technologies just started emerging, where said technologies eventually showed that more job opportunities are put on the market that ever before. And today, as these STEM students are contributing to help build and grow the technology-heavy industries they are in, more opportunities are available to people in the U.S than ever before. One can argue that many of these opportunities are being taken by STEM students as well, but the proportion of said cases are still relatively low. Meaning that still more opportunities are available to U.S citizens than what it otherwise could have been. On another note, the competition U.S citizens with STEM degrees face are not harsher than it should be. Rather, the ample workforce in the market combined with the fast growth of the industries will bring about a healthy environment for both the job seekers and employers.

The real problem Americans are facing is not that students with OPT are taking their jobs, but the fact that the time permitted for these students to continue training is too short. As any reasonable and rational person would understand, an industry with healthy growth needs more and more skilled workforce as well as fresh blood. The old OPT program provided these students with at most one year of occupational training. Such a short period of time made it so that students are receiving training to become good at what they do, but not much time is left for them to actually contribute to the industry. This created gaps of skilled workforce in the industries that U.S citizens cannot completely fill. Not only will such gaps of workforce stifle the growth of the industries, thus subject them to the risk of decline and massive lay-offs, but also it created an incentive for companies to choose outsourcing over growing their business locally, which not only means the loss of job opportunities to Americans, but also the capital fed back to the community through acts of consuming U.S-based services and products by the employees located in the U.S, citizens or international STEM students alike.

I plead that people in the U.S make the wise choice to support and welcome the OPT Extension regulation, and protect the innovative and entrepreneurial spirit that defines this great country.
