I strongly support the proposed rule as it addresses some issues with the old STEM OPT rule, such as giving a protection towards US workers.
I am foreign national on STEM OPT (PhD in Engineering) and currently employed. 
My comment to this rule is the following:
Since it appears that at least 50% of the online comments left by US people go with something like " OPT students steal US jobs because they do not pay taxes and therefore corporations want to hire them" I think you should consider to include an explanation of how taxes are paid by students on OPT into your final rule.
In fact, while it is true that F1 students are exempt from FICA and Social Security taxes this holds true only for the first 5 years of F1 status. Whoever comes to the US for a doctorate is likely to start his OPT after the 5th year, therefore paying the same taxes as a US worker. I have been here for 7 years and I do pay taxes down to the last cent as anybody else in this country. 
Moreover, please consider to include in the rule all the issues that a corporation has to undergo when hiring a foreign national. Hiring foreign people means that an immigration lawyer has to be paid in order to file H1B Visa petition. As all of us know, there are many more petitions than available VISA each year. Therefore hiring a foreign national means that you may invest in someone, train him to do his job well and then when you are ready to take advantage of his skill set you may have to face the fact that you have to fire him because of the lack of H1B visas.The result is that on 100 applications that you send out, 90 come back just because corporations do not want to deal with the immigration issues. This rule will provide more stability. Well done. Now please consider all the negative comments (stealing US jobs thing) and answer to them. In 2015 a world leading country cannot, repeat cannot, afford to think in that way. Also, please plan to make the final rule effective by February 12th or at least find a way to make workers on OPT extension keep working without interruption. Thank you

