I am a OPT student currently on a 12-month opt. I believe a 24-month opt extension for STEM degree students are very necessary. It would be great loss for students like me who spend a lot for a great quality US education but would not have enough time to get enough training experiences. Students with more training experience on OPT is more likely to land a good job in their home country. A 24 month stem opt extension offers students more valuable working experiences and in the long run build a healthy ecosystem for students studying aboard.
Most oppositions against 17-month opt extension itself or against improving 17 month extension to 24 month are short-sighted and even biased. Stem OPT students are great workforce to drive up economics of US. Ruling out 17 month opt extension will break the workforce for now and in future, causing a great loss of lots of American Company too. Many may say foreign students took away jobs from citizens and residents, while I believe that job market is a fair game. The fear of jobs being taken away by others is an illusion. The economy will only be able to create more jobs when it has many good workforce to drive it forward. 
If from the very beginning when US schools accepting students from foreign countries, the deals was to be clear that perspective students do not have the opportunities to stay for training after they graduate, simply less students would come for the education. It is a loss for many universities as they don't think that foreign students are taken away opportunities for others students to go to college or grad school. In the opposite, based on my observations, foreign students are more likely filled in the departments whose majors are less popular with US students. In these senses, foreign students has made great contributions to revenues of the universities, and grad students in particularly contribute significantly to research done in many research universities. In many senses, a 24-month OPT extension is a healthy stimulant and a win-win policies for students, universities, and employers.

