A Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for Immigration Studies revealed two shocking takeaways about the OPT program that DHS proposes to expand:

"OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds."

I quote Richard Trumpka, President of the AFL-CIO, who says:

"expanding de facto guest worker programs like Optional Practical Training (OPT) - through which employers hire more than 120,000 young college graduates per year who hold F-1 visas - but do not even guarantee that those foreign graduates are paid the minimum wage, let alone the prevailing wage, chase Americans out of computer science and creates a self-fulfilling 'shortage' as Americans respond to a relatively better market as engineers in other fields."
"In 2002, 14.5% of black science and engineering majors chose computer science, versus 11.5% for all Americans. But by 2012, because of declining job prospects, the share of black science majors choosing computer science fell to 9.8%."
"The next Sergei Brin might be sitting in an American classroom right now, but if that future innovator cannot get an entry-level job in high tech because employers prefer importing temporary workers, entrepreneurial innovations will not occur in the United States."

I quote Professor Norm Matloff of UC Davis, who says:

"On a variety of measures, the former foreign students have talent lesser than, or equal to, their American peers."
"Skilled-foreign-worker programs are causing an internal brain drain in the United States."
"If the U.S. indeed "needs" the foreign students to remedy a STEM labor shortage, why do these students need training?"
"If workers with such training are indeed needed, why won't these special mentoring programs be open to Americans?"
"OPT expands the pool of YOUNG workers....this is the core of how SCE, Disney and so on can legally save lots of money by hiring foreign workers -- the latter are younger, thus, much cheaper, than the Americans they replace."

********This is a bad idea. Don't let the rule to expand OPT take effect!

