This program is very important to keep America the leader of the world. One of the reasons that the US is the strongest nation in the world is because its openness to talents around the world. If it stops to welcome talents from outside the country, this particular rule would become a sign of decline of a great America. STEM students who received educations from top US institutions will be forced to return to China, India, Russia, France... to build business empires that rival US business. They will develop new technologies, build next generation machines and aircraft. It is a huge backward step towards the prosperity of the nation if the proposal doesn't pass.

I've read many of the comments on this website. However, most of the opponents of the program don't even know clearly about the OPT or STEM extension details. They just blindly comment that the program is bad or it puts foreigner's opportunities above the citizen's. However, these are completely false statements. They seem to me that the comments are made by losers who don't have the abilities and skills to take certain opportunities. Given same skill sets and abilities, corporations are obliged to give US citizens the priorities to be hired the under current law, not the foreign students. The only reason that these people are not hired by companies is because they are not well prepared or suited for the jobs. For example, in the Computer Science field, the demand for highly skilled workers are so strong that companies have to hire a lot of foreign students studying in the fields. Supplies for citizen workers are not enough. If these companies have to continuously lose highly qualified workers to companies in foreign countries, the highly technical initiatives that we see today may have great chances to be invented by other countries. 

In a word, STEM students are not given any privileges to find an employment is the US but only a chance. If somebody is smart, hard working and are willing to contribute to the greatness of America, I do not understand why they cannot be given a CHANCE to do that.


