I have seen some negative comments and I would like to address them one by one:

1. There is no evidence that the STEM is the tool for the IT companies to access lower wage workers. You have to understand that companies would have more expenses in order to hire people working on OPT/STEM/H1B, such as hiring lawyers, filing expensive applications, and also having a risk of losing the international employee if work visa/permit expires. BECAUSE of these additional expenses and risks, companies would pay less to people with OPT/STEM/H1B, compared to local people. AND this is why when two job candidates who have the same skill sets, it's always the local person who is preferred for the position. 
AND people have to understand about the hiring process. Companies first post positions with a salary, then interview all candidates, and then give out offers to qualified people, then the candidate can negotiate for a higher salary. (The company can't force down the salary when an offer is provided) Thus, companies would give an offer to an international candidate because he is qualified, not because the company can hire him cheap (because salary is negotiated after giving out the offer).

2. OPT STEM would not hurt local workers. Why would the company go through all these trouble to hire international software engineers? because they can't hire enough local software engineers. Even without the OPT STEM, companies won't hire local people who don't know how to code and train them to be software engineers. But in the meantime, think about how OPT STEM would increase more local jobs. More lawyers are needed. More immigrants and foreigners will come to USA, and they need to eat, live, buy stuff, commodities, right? That's more jobs needed to accommodate them in USA.

3.People need to understand OPT STEM is only for people who has a master or doctor degree in the math, engineering, and technology field. People in STEM would not steal an average American job. People in OPT STEM would probably account for less than 1% of jobs in USA, and these high-tech jobs have a higher demand than supply. I totally understand that if these jobs have a higher supply than demand, then people with OPT STEM could be interpreted as "stealing" the local people's job.

4. Once again, I would like to stress out this is OPT STEM, which is only related to high-tech. I totally understand that jobs should go to US citizens first, BUT they should go to US citizens who are fit for the corresponding jobs. The unemployment of US citizens is due to lack of education, or skill sets not fit for the position. Even without the competition of people with OPT STEM, they would still be unemployed. If Americans are worried about immigrants stealing jobs, they should just ban the whole immigration, which contributes to cheap labor. STEM IS NOT CHEAP LABOR. STEM is only about the high tech. All the negative comments about OPT STEM should instead address the overall immigration, not here. Their argument only applies to a proposal that bans all immigration.

5. All the jobs are already going to USA citizens first, who are fit for the corresponding jobs. The companies of course wouldn't take any additional risks to hire an international person, if the company would hire a local person with the same skill. The international person might go back to home country anytime, either willing or forced (due to expiration of the work permit) 

6. I thought America is a country of freedom, a country free of discrimination, a country that has equality of employment. Please keep me believing it this way. 

7. Once again, please calculate how many people are unemployed who are fit for the high-tech jobs. Stop using 20 millions unemployed Americans as a sentimental tool to persuade the public. I don't believe any of them have a STEM degree.

8. Take my company for example, my company is paying international people the same as the Americans. And when one of the international colleague left the company because her work permit expired, the company hated to see her leaving, but there was nothing the company could do. There are thousands of this situation every year.

