I strongly hope everybody could vote a YES to this rule due to following reasons:

1. I am absolutely shocked that why we are here talking about shorten OPT during instead expanding it. Nowadays, non citizen STEM students have become a non-negligible and sometimes even backbone strength in US. They support and guarantee the technology and science of this country running in a healthy and progressive way. It is easy to see this point by counting the number of great scientist and engineers who are not citizens but did a great contribution to this country even world in past 100 years. Stop OPT extension, thus, will let a huge number of STEM students lost their job from universities, high tech companies and even governments. It is very hard to find qualified candidates to fill these positions up in a short time, which will cause millions or even billions of money lost due to this.

2. Stop STEM extension and forbid foreign students working in U.S. do not mean more citizen students can get jobs. Because every qualified STEM students went through at least 6-12 years high intensive training in their areas before becoming an expert and getting hired by research institution, high tech companies and governments. Unless there are enough number of citizen students who can have the same experiences and qualified for high intensity workload in STEM areas, this country still needs a lot of non-citizen STEM students. Unfortunately, as what I saw in past few years during my time in U.S., few citizen students are willing to get a degree in any of STEM areas.

3. Stop STEM extension means, U.S. government has to spent more money to educate a citizen student in STEM areas. Like what I mentioned in second reason, it takes many years and money to train a qualified STEM student. However, as most the case nowadays, most STEM students finish their secondary school education in their countries and just go through two years or even one year training in US's graduate school before they get hired. So, the more STEM students getting hired, the more money is saved for US government.


