I think this rule is critical for America to keep attracting the smartest people in the world and ensure that Americas tech firms own the talents of international students, it should be supported.
Firstly, the STEM extension is a critical advantage in attracting top students from all over the world to study in U.S. Universities.

As an engineering student from a small town in India, Ishwar Meyyappan dreamed about helping his country develop its solar power capacity and in a more energy-efficient way. Studying for a graduate degree from Columbia University, Meyyappan is closer than ever to achieving his goal. In the past year and a half, hes studied how solar power works as well as the policy and business of the industry. After he graduates in December, Meyyappan plans to work at a U.S. solar panel company for a couple of years. India is five years behind the U.S. in solar technology, he said. I want to work in a solar company here and apply the the experience Ive gained back home. The chance to get that work experience was the whole point of coming here. he said. His plans are now at risk because the STEM extension is now in jeopardy. 

The Federal Courts decision to vacate STEM OPT Extension Rule on August 12, 2015 is leaving students like Meyyappan feeling betrayed. When we came in, we made a calculation about how much its going to cost us, and how much were going to earn, he said. I could have gone to London, I could have gone to Australia, but I chose the U.S.

Some students whove gone home after being unable to secure a work visa say they were disappointed that they werent allowed to stay. Masher Dillon, who graduated with an undergraduate degree from UC-Berkeley last year, is now working a marketing job back home in India.

He was the first of his friends and immediate family to go to college in the U.S., and going to Berkeley was his first time being in the country. A lot of people back home think that working in the United States is like, oh shit, youre arrived, he said. If you work there, regardless of what you do, you could be an Uber driver and it still seems so prestigious.

He worked in the Bay Area after graduating, but once he ran out of OPT and didnt win the H-1B lottery, he went home. Dhillon doesnt mind working and living at home, and hes saving money, but he says if he was applying for college today, he wouldnt choose an American university. You American students take your job opportunities for granted, he said. I tell my friends, appreciate it for all its worth.

Also, U.S. companies especially tech firms say they need the talents of international students. Luis von Ahn, CEO of the language-learning app Duelingo and a computer science professor at Carnegie Mellon, said the limits on hiring international students were frustrating for employers like him.

You hire a person, who is extremely well educated, and you get them to come work for you, and you have a 70% chance that theyre not going to be able to stay, von Ahn said, Its terrible, because even if you hire super smart people, it takes a couple months to train them. They dont start becoming very useful to the company until about six months and then they have to leave.

If the STEM extension isnt reinstated, he said, were probably going to lose two employees who are really hard to hire, a big problem for a small company like Duelingo with only 50 employees. All these extremely well-educated people are probably going to go to some other country and make that country better.

