The proposed rule in not only a good benefit to international students, but also adding value to United States education system, its local economy and its people. From the STEM program I am in, there are over 80% students come outside of the States. When we go to top university in the USA, we will find thousands of hundreds of students who study there master degree in the STEM program come outside of USA and they are really good at mathematics, physics, chemistry and so on. For students who come here to study, they will pay high tuition fees, which helps to promote the growth of the universities, helping good universities and colleges to hire more professor, providing greater facilities to serve the students and then the society. 
Here we want to know why more students who are top students in their own countries would like to come to US to study instead of England, Germany or other developed countries. The reason for most students is that USA provide the OPT for these students after their graduate programs so that they can gain experience. If the rule is not passed, more of students would consider whether they would spend a big amount of money to come to USA. They would rather stay at their own country or go to other developed countries to study and spend the money.
Besides, extending the OPT program to 24 months would benefit US employers. We know that the process to hire a skilled individual is high and important to a prospectus company. If OPT only remains for 1 year, students only learn some knowledge from the company instead of making contribution to the company. However, if the OPT can extend to another 24 months, students who gain the formal training from their employers can start to think deeper and contribute back, which will benefit the company and bring more returns. Furthermore, we know today that there are some great investment opportunities outside the States and many USA companies would like to do business with Internationally. Having trained the people from overseas will help their future negotiations and cooperation, which in the long term, will bring more employment to US local people.
For the local economy, international students help the local people to get their rent payment, help the malls to gain more money and local supermarkets to operate more profitable. For students who study and then work for a short period, the monthly rent payment will be $1000 or more per month and this is only for one student. It can be counted as a very large rent payment number if we take that example into account. In addition, international students would eat more outside than the local people and they may also pay for their cars and other things, which help to promote the local business and the US economy.
Therefore, I think it is really a good plan for the government to start this new rule, and bring benefits to both US people and international people.

