I have learned that the Department of Homeland Security has proposed a rule to expand a program called Optional Practical Training (OPT), which gives employers financial incentives to hire foreign students over Americans. As a tax paying American citizen, I object to the expansion of this program. I can see the rationale of giving foreign students the opportunity to apply the training they have acquired at U.S. institutions of higher learning so that our nation may profit from the investment made into these students' lives. What is extremely objectionable to me is that it is being used to hinder American citizens who have paid dearly for training believing that they would find jobs in the U.S. to offset the cost of their education and enable them to provide livelihood for themselves and their families, keeping them off welfare and other assistance programs that drain resources from the tax paying citizens of this nation. I have seen statistics showing that in a four year period, over 400,000 American citizens have been denied jobs in favor of hiring foreign students under the OPT program. That is unconscionable! Our first duty is to the needs of our own citizens, particularly in a time of severe economic downturn resulting in thousands of Americans being laid off work. DHS is actually proposing to give financial incentives to employers who hire foreign students over Americans. It should be the other way around in an environment in which Americans cannot even take care of their own financial responsibilities.

Speaking of which, I have also been informed that OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds. Should I say, "STOLE MONEY DEPOSITED IN TRUST TO THE US TREASURY BY AMERICANS OVER THEIR YEARS OF HARD WORK TO PROVIDE FOR THEIR NEEDS WHEN THEY REACHED RETIREMENT AGE," The Social Security funds I have paid into are even being denied cost of living increases for the coming year. This is erroneously explained by a decrease in gas prices, when the truth is that money stolen from this fund are being used in part to fund a program which in no way benefits the people who gave into the system, It actually benefits people who have only received from our exceptional institutions of higher learning and now will be preferred for jobs over American citizens with the same or better qualifications. 

These are serious matters to every American citizen and must not be taken lightly. The decision is ultimately in the hands of the DHS, but it is the moral responsibility of this department of a government "OF THE PEOPLE, BY THE PEOPLE, AND FOR THE PEOPLE" to consider the ramifications of such an act on the very people whose rights this nation's government has a responsibility to protect. OPT, of itself, is a reasonable program as long as it doesn't inhibit the welfare of the citizens who support the government with their hard earned resources, but an expansion of this program can in no way be acceptable.

