I strongly support the OPT extension.
1. If this policy is abandoned suddenly, this would be a disaster to many big companies ranging from wall street finance to silicon valley tech companies. Every year these companies need to recruit large amount of excellent new graduate students. Take me for example, I work in financial model group in one famous financial company in New York City. There are some excellent international employee in my department who graduate from top level university like Columbia University, Upenn. They are the best people from the world: India, Dubai, China, Euro. They all work hard to make contribution to the company and US. I think if international students is good enough and diligent, they would also bring huge value to the company. On the contrast, the competition between local American students and international students could make thole society beneficial. This competition rule chooses better people to the better position, making people working hard and be smart. That's why I do not understand why our local citizen students fear competition. The company could run better if they have enough resources to recruit good people. OPT extension is obviously the foundation.

2. Universities, research center and many companies would benefit from the OPT extension policy. For university, this policy is made to attract world best people. And it works very successfully. It make American education different to other countries. Because of OPT extension policy and good quality education, many best students choose to come to US to achieve their personal goal.On the other hand, international students also make great contribution to the development of our country. Many of huge tech companies like Facebook, Google, IBM, Microsoft, Amazon, Apple are not short of asian people ranging from new graduate software engineer to CEO. They are all necessary components of silicon valley making the US machine running faster and faster. For companies, If students work ha