I really wonders what the kind of country the United States would become if this country is controlled by conservative and narrow minded masses who cannot prove their ability in academics or technology performance but still have the right to keep talent people away to protect their pathetic "self-respect". Is it the truth of the United States today? If so, I will pack my baggage in this afternoon and tell my son in the future, "Americans are not like their ancestors. Their inclusive and open mind has gone."

Let us look back to see those greatest people that make US the greatest country in human history: Thomas Edison's father was from Canada and his ancestor from Netherland, while his creativity and hard work boosted the true progress of US in twentieth century; Nikola Tesla was from Sebia, while his ideas are still triggering the trend of technology development today; not to mention Albert Einstein and Julius Oppenheimer, without whom the Unites States will spare another million tons of blood on the land of Japan and Pacific islands and even in possible battles defending Soviet Union, instead of winning WW2 and cold war. I wonder if US would still on this planet if this happens.

I do not want to list all these famous names in the history of both United States and human history. There were so many people just like them because every generation of farsighted politicians and people of the United States opened the gate to welcome these most talented people in their generations, which also opened the bright future of the United States itself. However, it seems that in our generation, the United States is becoming naive and conservative. It tries to drive Edison, Nikola, Einstein and Oppenheimer in our generation away to those countries that are never satisfied to introduce talented people so that they can replace the leading role of United States in the near future.

If Americans think that they are so perfect that they do not need brains and efforts from other countr