There are several main concerns on this Act from the objectors.

1. Some claim that OPT holders take the jobs from the US labor. However, this is groundless. The annual report of "The Survey of Earned Doctorates" (SED) on Science and Engineering Doctorates from NSF (see attached table) shows that US undergraduates and graduates have a better chance to get a job after finishing their academic work than international students, from either industrial or academic fields. The proportion is higher in STEM as well. If one is comparing senior US labor versus international fresh graduates, for the same job, it is obvious a senior US citizen takes advantage over the latter. Further, suppose both a US citizen and an international student are offered the job. If a US citizen thinks the wage is too low and rejects the offer, while the international student accepts it, the US citizen must have a better choice as a reasonable person. Therefore, international students as so-called "cheap labor" cannot rob the job opportunity from a US citizen who maybe has a higher standard. It is usually the case that the US citizens pass the opportunity to their international counterpart simply because they do not want to take it.

2. Some claim that OPT holders take a big advantage over US citizens. This relates to the guarantee of equal opportunity during the hiring process. The government strives to organize a nation renowned for its freedom and equality. The companies in US are bounded by law to ensure the hiring procedure declares clarity and equality. There should not be a bias towards international OPT holders, and if there is in individual case, it needs to be taken seriously through the legal system. However, such occasion does not relate to the issue of OPT extension.

3. Some claim that international employees consume the resources of the nation that are provided by the citizens. This question is three-folded. First, rather than consuming the labor resources, international employees ar