To all those that are shouting , that immigrants will take their jobs ..what jobs are you talking about , jobs at mcdonnalds , or burger kind ? how many American students go to bachelors or masters in the stem field ? less than 5 % , those people get the jobs anyways ... OPT program is aimed for highly qualified skilled labor , let me get you the facts straight ...

Year 2014 : total number of citizens reading in the STEM field (masters, bachelors, PHD) = 80000 
American population = 319,000000
% = 80000/319000000 * 100 = 0.025% ( look at that !) 
What does that mean majority of American population 99.9 % is not even enrolled in the stem field ! so how are we taking your jobs ! so the argument is a fallacy , talking about protecting the rights of 80000 or so number of stem American graduates , the new rule offers a mentorship and trainee program and also it offers more surprise site visits of USCIS officers for two reasons , reason 1 to make sure that the stem opt program is properly being used , that is say if I am from power engineering background there is a strict requirement that I have to get a job only in that field , anything else is unlawful , how will that help you guys ? it will , because this will prevent unlawful employment ,as many people get IT jobs although they are from non IT fields , there is another clause to the law which says companies can enroll a candidate under STEM OPT program as long as the American citizen's job wont be adversely affected , we are talking about those 80000 citizens that did graduate in a STEM first , so it is Americans first anyways .... read the rules first guys 
and someone is commenting about illegals are getting and taking our jobs ! you guys have no idea what you are talking about , we obey strict rules , pay continuous taxes , have to report the school on the regular 6 month basis , there is nothing illegal about us , absolutely nothing. We top the schools at best grades , we create jobs not destroy it , because of m