J. Ussery Leading a team of 20+ members in a tech company in the bay area, Ive been interviewing and working with international STEM students all the time. I wasnt even fully aware of the extension before this, and now that Ive realized thats how our international STEM students could stay for around 2 years without a work visa and contribute to the whole team, Im super grateful for this rule.

A few concerns and thoughts to share here:
1)Weve been focusing on Android/iOS application development and most positions we needed to fill were software engineer and UX designers. Not a lot of American applicants applied for our positions honestly. When we were narrowing down to a few final candidates, we simply looked at their programming skills, data structure knowledge, previous projects (especially for mobile app development), etc. Nationality is something we couldnt even care less. Whoever was hired on our team had to be brilliantly smart and quick to react to bugs/new requests coz our company has been known for rejecting for the first mistake during interviews. Id say that wed like to have a larger pool of more qualified candidates, so that we can meet our own needs. To meet this goal, simply asking the international STEM students to leave is not good news to us.
2)For our team, most of the projects are active for 2+ years and youd know whatll happen if someone whos already involved on the project for a while leave when its only halfway through. Giving team members time to get access, to get familiar with what we do and what were like, and most importantly to know everything about a project is crucial and takes time. We hate to lose any team member in the midst of a project, and thats why this stem extension sounds great to us.
3)International stem students are not American students, speaking of nationalities. We do not discriminate against either side. Thats all I can say to it. 

Simply put, we need efficient and qualified stem students to help our company keep growing (and the tech industry as a whole definitely needs it too), and losing talented international stem students is not good. This rule sounds good and has my support.
