I noticed that DHS is proposing to expand OPT extension period to 24 months, and I do have to be thankful to this proposal for the following obvious reasons:
A. For direct development of the US technology and economics.
(1) The policy of OPT and its STEM extension is definitely an advantage to attract elite students from all over the world.
(2) At the period of OPT w/ext, international students are contributing to the US using what they have learned at school, by helping large numbers of companies in various area: IT, Hardware/Software, Health care, Insurance, Financial, Agricultural and Industrial.
(3) Lots of companies have already been relying on international students for their development --- not only current OPT students, but also H1-B employees (remember they used to be OPT status as well), and even future OPT employees (outstanding on-campus international students have great potential and are certainly the target of those companies).
B. For indirect development of many domestic fields.
(4) The policy of OPT w/ext attracts international students to come to the US for study as well as a period of time to work. During that period, their living requirements bring attractive potential to Domestic/Civil development as well.
(5) A few examples: They need to live, which benefits the real estate field; they need to eat, which benefits the restaurant field; they need to wear clothes, which benefits the manufacturing field; they need to travel for entertainment, which benefits the tourism.
C. For all international students' co-benefits including myself.
(6) As an international student myself, I'm currently in OPT extension status and working for one of the most famous banks here in the US. The project I'm working on will last for at least two years. If OPT extension policy were revoked, I would have to leave immediately, which would cause my bank direct inconvenience and great loss for myself as well.
(7) For future consideration, if OPT extension policy were revoked, 