Scarlett Zhang I strong SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:

1. The government should let the student who learned knowledge from US universities stay in the country and let them make contributions to the US. The knowledge they learned is best applicable in the US, and US is the best place to practice the knowledge they learned because this is the place the international students have gone to school.
2. A big reason that International students paid out of state tuition and chose to come all the way to US over UK and other countries is that US has OPT and gives them time to work for a couple of years before they go back to their home country. These international students have taken into consideration of the fact that US will give them several years to practice their knowledge in the industry when they made the choice to spend this much money on their education, and also a big contribution to US economy. Majority of these students are STEM majors. If OPT extension gets canceled, US government will possibly be viewed as NOT trustworthy and credible. It will be bad for US economy and reputation. 
3. Sillicon Valley and the fast growing tech industry need millions of brilliant people to help develop. This is not a competition between American students and international students, and international students are not taking the job spots of domestic students. As we all know, it is still easier for domestic students to get the same job compared to international students, as companies have to pay more legal fees and procedures in order to hire international students. A lot of start-ups hire mostly domestic students. OPT extension will unlikely to change this dynamic of the job market. US citizens have nothing to worry about. On the contrary, big tech companies who need a lot of brilliant minds will hire both domestic students and international students. International STEM majors have made great contribution to the development of tech industry so far. Without these students, Google Facebook will develop slower and silicon valley will be unlikely to afford its current exploding speed. STEM majored international students are actually on the same side with domestic students--they are not rivalries.
4. At last, 12 month regular and 24 month extension is a perfect length for STEM majors. Most big software development projects need at least two years to finish. One year is too short for these STEM majored engineers to practice what they have learned in school. It will also be way easier for these engineers to find jobs in their home countries once they complete a three-year industry training as opposed to one year.
