I am an international student pursuing a PHD degree in U.S. I am not an expert of immigration policy, and I don't know if OPT extension will positively or negatively affect the U.S. economy or the benefit of the U.S. workers. What I want to do here, is merely provide some personal thoughts about this regulation and other reviews. 
There apparently are two sharply opposite opinions about how high skill immigrants will affect the U.S. Some people, mostly U.S. citizen, think the immigrants are enlarging the pool of candidates for one job, therefore naturally lower the bargain power from the worker side. I partially agree with this argument. However, human resource is somewhat international now. A better way to keep oneself competitive is to get more skillful, not to drive other people out. 
On the other hand, some reviewers, mostly international students to whom this OPT extension policy may apply, support this policy by several arguments. A common one is that the U.S. has always been a country that welcomes immigrants, and in history, immigrants made the U.S. what it is today. 
I don't think appealing to the tradition of welcoming immigrants is a good way to justify the OPT extension policy. Time has changed. After 200 years of development, the U.S. now has its own people and their interest at heart. If the immigration policy is harming the U.S. as a nation today, I think the country has every right to change the policy and guard its people's right and benefit. But for me, it seems very difficult to correctly assess the effect of a huge policy, such as immigration. If I were an ordinary U.S. citizen, I would trust my country to make the right decision on that. 
Similarly, an argument saying that immigrants created a lot of job and enhanced the U.S. economy seems also shaky. I don't really believe that a foreigner can know better on these topics than the U.S. government who has all the data. So, if the president and his expert team are proposing a new policy, and sayin