To Whom It May Concern:
As a PhD student in the area of STEM, I am writing in response to the proposed rule to extend training opportunity for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and CapGap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students.

I fully support the new proposed rule. First, I think this will definitely attract more talented international students from all over the world. Personally, I was attracted by the 17 months STEM training opportunity policy in US, comparing to other countries like Canada, Australia and England. Since the opportunity of tanning is a big concern of most international students, this new rule will bring more talented people into US, meanwhile, it will also provide more diversity in the STEM area.

Many people may concern that it will decrease the opportunity for domestic students, however, if you have been in any career fair, you will find there is only a few job opportunities for international students. And, if any international student finds an internship, it is obviously the best prove of his or her ability and knowledge. I think there is no reason to refuse talented people to make a contribution before they come back to their own counties. Moreover, the fact is that advanced technology companies need people from different countries. For instance, companies, like Uber and Tesla, they need people from different regions, like Asian, Europe and Australia, to customize their product so can achieve more successful sales. There are also many other examples that this rule will benefit both foreigner and domestic people. Foreigners will stimulate the US market in almost every area, like food, cars and electronics devices, besides, foreigners also bring a big benefits to the local real estate because many foreigners will pay a lot of rent to local people.

Although, it may cause more competition to domestic people but competition is not always bad, on the contrary, it will bring more innovation. Such a diverse country like US, its tolerance and