A Botros Dear Ms. Katherine Westerlund,

I would like to submit the following comment in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students," published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.
I am an international graduate student with PhD in Civil Engineering. I have over 10 years of experience of working in the field of design and construction of structures and bridges. As a senior project engineer in one of the U.S engineering firms, I participated in several projects involving Bridge and Structures Design, Bridge Inspection and Load Rating, Bridge and Structure Rehabilitation, Bridge Instrumentation and Testing. I was also involved in some research projects that aim to develop design recommendations and standard details to be incorporated in the bridge design manuals for some states. Such projects provide valuable contributions to the country and help improve the standard specifications used for design and construction of bridges. 
I was glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule. I strongly commend for this 24 months rule and would urge that a clear path to of absorbing and benefiting from International graduates should be rolled out.
The new rule will definitely benefit U.S. employers, STEM students and the country for the following reasons:
Many STEM students chose U.S. universities for higher education because of the availability of 29 months of practical training under the current rule. It would be a huge disappointment if students would instead only be able to remain for 12 months due to a delay in rulemaking.
The proposal to reinstitute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. These benefits also will encourage future international students to join STEM programs in the U.S. and allow U.S. companies to remain competitive globally.
Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will also assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest strategies and techniques in the field. STEM students will allow employers the opportunity to accomplish bigger projects, achieve more innovation, and develop new products and technology, all of which will further fuel the U.S. economy.
Students will contribute to the growth of US Economy by paying the Taxes on their employment.
The Industry and College co-ordination will get improved by the new OPT program.
I urge you to support the U.S. economy by implementing this new rule by February 12, 2016. 
