I strongly SUPPORT the proposal. 
Before I decided to study computer science in the US, I actually have a number of offers from other countries like Canada, German and England. The schools are all very attractive in terms of learning atmosphere and academic achievements. I felt hard to choose for a while, but in the end, US program won me over by the promise that STEM students will have the opportunity to practice what they learned through the OPT program and will have the 17-month OPT extension. Actually, the OPT program and OPT extension is one of the most reasons that encouraged me to study in the US.
I have been working with OPT for 6 months till now. My program in the company is still ongoing and would last at least 24 months more. I would really want to contribute to the project and give back what I learned at my graduate school to make my company more successful. Based on what my company has invested in me, I don't think it's fair for them to re-invest on others. 
And it wouldn't fair for me either. I'd like to go back to my country after I have practiced my ability and what I have learned in the US. I would be more competitive with 3-year experience than only 1-year. To have more hands-on experience and more competitive in the job market, my initial and most important purpose when I decided to study abroad. I'd really hope that the proposal will go through - OPT extension is really beneficial to international students like me and for US tech companies as well. And it's the reason that drew me here. I don't see why people would want to take back the promise that gave me two years ago...
My employer is E-verified company. In fact, I know that the E-verify program currently is the best means available for employers to determine employment eligibility of new hires and, in some cases, existing employees. Since OPT students can only be employed by E-verified companies, it means that we are not stealing opportunities from Americans. We are just being treated equall