I strongly support the reauthorization of OPT extension for STEM program foreigner graduate. If you look at the statistics of the nationality of students at most STEM program in US, you should soon realize that majority of them are foreigner. For the tech section of US, they have to hire foreigners if they still want to maintain their leading position against the global competitors. The reality is that the tech section is not preferred to hire foreigner. They always prefer to hire US citizen. The only reason for them to hire foreigner is due to the difficult to find qualified US citizen. 

Since the number of approved H1-B petition is so limited, it is very difficult for any company to retain a foreigner fresh graduate without using OPT extension after this young man/woman join the company. If there is no OPT extension, the company will face a dilemma. You either keep wait for another qualified US citizen/green card holder or take a risk to hire a fresh foreigner graduate without working visa. If the former option ever works, most company will take this option. The reality is that there is no way you can build a competitive technical team solely consisted of American because of the size of talent pool. If the company takes the risk to hire the fresh foreigner graduate, they have to deal with the possibility of losing him/her. Some company may be able to relocate this employee back to their home country for one year and find other way to bring him/her back. But this is awkward. How can you train a new employee by keep relocating him/her? The reauthorization of OPT-extension provides a temporary solution to this dilemma.

Someone may criticize that the company taking the advantage of OPT by hiring foreigner at a lower final cost. I'm not quite sure about that. It may be true in some cases. But for most technical job, this doesn't make any sense. For example, it costs a company at San Franciso bay area at least 150K/yr to hire a good software engineer. This number is w