Xueyou Duan As an international student,I strongly support the proposed rule and feel very disappointed on the negative arguments on it. Not only because the whole US society needs high tech students but also it's a beneficial step for the whole US society in a long run.

First of all, it's unfair to look international student as potential competitor. Actually, it's really self-minded and ignores the important economics effect of international students as positive impetus. They do not deprives job opportunities of US local citizens. Most international people receive their advanced degree and master specific expertise when they graduate. These people can actually contribute the US society immediately and have big positive impact on economics and sustainable development of company. Brain is the power, US becomes the NO.1 strongest country and leads people a high quality life, not just because of the citizens but also the thousands of international students year by year. They are hired in high tech companies and continuously contribute the company development and making more profit. High tech companies are thirsty for the intelligent people with good expertise. It's true that local people are far not enough from the company's demand. Nowadays, US economics is getting better since the 2008 economic crisis. It needs leaders and young engineers follow up to boom the economics up and keep it energetic. Now it's a good time to absorb more young students. The proposed rule helps it a lot and I really don't understand people's negative arguments. OPT allows international students stays longer in US. They've done pretty good job. But they usually receive higher salary and there's almost nothing to do with minimum wages. 

In addition, OPT extension is a way of attraction for intelligent international students. Every years, they pay millions of dollars and increase the income of people in US. International students is an important constituent of most US colleges and research institutes. They are well trained and contributes lots of original research. If the proposed rule is denied, it will definitely largely affect the international students coming in future and the current international students might be forced o go back to their own country and make their own efforts or they will go to those countries welcome them. That's a big loss of US and I didn't feel any reason to be against the proposed rule. In the long run, job opportunities and equality is not obtained by excluding smart people and intelligent engineers. In contrast, an active economics and sustainable sources of qualified people for the potential jobs can really benefit it. I think OPT extension is a good effort in the right direction. 

Overall, I restate my strong support for the proposed rule. 
