The Honorable Jeh Johnson

Secretary of Homeland Security
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I am a student currently working on the 17 month STEM OPT Extension and therefore, I consider myself a direct stakeholder in the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) - DHS Docket No. ICEB-2015-0002 ("Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students"). Hence, I feel obliged to submit a formal comment to the US Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) regarding the proposed rulemaking.

I strongly support the concept of Optional Practical Training (OPT) and support the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors for the following reasons:

1. It allows graduates from US universities to gain experience related to their major field of study and thus helping the United States to retain top talent and providing opportunities for students to contribute to the economic prosperity of the nation. 

2. Our brilliant graduates from various universities working in STEM fields have been major contributors in the country's ability to be a top-notch technology innovator. Letting students to leave the country will seriously disrupt the technology sector and create a shortage of talent for enterprises to innovate.

3. Furthermore, this disruption could cause students from all over the world to choose a different country to pursue their dreams of education seriously affecting the ability of US universities to pursue research, which is a major driver of innovation in the technology sector.

Because of the above reasons, I urge the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) and ICE to continue working quickly to ensure that no disruption would be caused due to the recent court actions requiring the rule to go into effect before the the February 12, 2016 deadline.

However, I am also concerned with the extra administrative burdens placed on employers through the Mentorship Training Program t