The immigration policy that gave the United States people like Einstein, Fermi and Szilard was a restrictive one, that used our wealth and opportunities to attract the best from around the world, while sharply limiting the number of more ordinary people (even those with nominal physics degrees) to a number that would not drive wages down nor increase crowding. This restrictive policy helped make the United States the worlds preeminent technological power.

The current policy has a very different purpose. It is to open the doors to unlimited immigration of people the majority of whom have (for their job classifications) average or below average ability. This will surely boost the profits of tech CEOs with business models based on large numbers of low-wage workers, but it will drive away the best minds. Albert Einstein never expressed a desire to move to Bangladesh now did he?

Immigration reform wont just drive away the best minds from other countries; it will do so at home as well. As job prospects in science and engineering continue to stagnate and decline, more and more of the hardest-working and most talented Americans (including the descendents of recent immigrants) will gravitate to protected fields such as medicine. There is nothing wrong with medicine attracting good people, but if only losers who cant get into medical school do science and engineering, well, how is that improving the quality of American science and engineering? 

Imagine a big research university. To improve it should both support current faculty and also work hard to recruit the best talent from outside. Suppose that this University simply hired all external applicants without limit or discrimination, and divided up the existing funds for salaries and lab and office space. Before too long the faculty would be crowded and poor, and anyone with any real talent would have left. As with a University, so with a nation: it can happen here.

Of course a University or a corporation, or a nation can