From my perspective, I would support the extemsion of STEM OPT to 24 months.

First of all, United States (US) needs more talented people to fill those job openings in STEM area, and international students in the US are the source of these people. The population of United States is relatively smaller compare with those countries with bigger population (China, India etc.). But United States also has the world's biggest market in STEM area which absolutely needs more talented people to participate in. Extension of STEM OPT to 24 months is a good way to satisfy the demand of high-tech industries in the US.

Extension of STEM OPT to 24 months is also a good way to enhance the quality of education in the US and this will lead to two chief benifits: higher income for education industry in the US and better attraction for talented people all around the world. US is famous for it's high quality of high level education which is the reason why many international students are willing to spend tons of money to study here. Experience is the best teacher, this is especially right for STEM students. United States represents the most cutting-edge technologies and has the best environment for internationl students to gain their experience in practice. Internationall students will have better chance to practice by having a 24 months.

At last, I would also need to mention the fact that nature selection survives the best. Competition between international students and local may cause the complaint among local for all kinds of reason. STEM OPT extension may make the competition more severe for local. However, this will do more good than harm to the whole country since no matter how long the OPT time is, the competition is fair. It's not a good choice for the US goverment to protect the local by providing them prority (providing a relatively shorter OPT to international students so that employers will give priority to local). Since eventually, people who complain the competition may wan