
From my brief reading today of these proposed rule changes, my impression is that the Immigration and Customs Enforcement Bureau is trying to accommodate the wishes of employers, universities and other special interest groups who want to put their own interests ahead of the interests of the American people and American workers. 

I object to the spirit of what lead to the proposed rule changes -- to allow foreign graduates of all kinds, whether they graduated at the top or the bottom, whether they attended the best accredited school in their field or the worst -- to stay much longer in the US after graduation. The benefits of this would go to the foreign students themselves who would have a much greater chance of getting a job and a green card that would lead to America citizenship and to those who would employ them and to the people who employ them. These employers often pay less or expect more work from such foreign workers. Attempts to force exploitative employers to play by the rules have failed in the past and I believe they will continue to fail. The employers want to save money too much, the foreign workers are too desperate to get a green card to complain.

There benefits to American workers of such an broad-based and accommodating policy are not only not evident to me, I believe that these current proposed changes would work to hurt American workers and American students.

If we make it too easy for American employers and universities to tell potential foreign students that if they can only get their foot in the door at an accredited American university and graduate that there's a job for them and eventual citizenship, we will have millions more foreign students here to do just that. How on Earth would there be any jobs left for Americans if our universities become filled with millions of foreign students who came here determined to work here and never go home?

It all comes down to fairness and numbers. 

It is not fair to make it so easy to get an Americ