William Lin I support the DHS proposal to establish new rules of extending the OPT for students with STEM degrees for the following reasons:

1.The graduates from STEM majors has been making vital contribution to the US economy. Take the IT industry for example, this field is keeping its fast development over almost two decades and such a significant progress could not be achieved without tremendous number of International students who graduated from different STEM majors, who keeps creating many positions for Americans due to their consistent hard work as well as innovation. It should be also be noticed that after several years serving as employees, a lot of these former foreign students begin to build their own business and creating more job opportunities which of course, is benefiting more American people. Besides, they pay a significant part of tax which helps the federal and state governments better serve the people. International students are making huge contributions to this country. Immigrant-founded Fortune 500 companies employed near 3.6 million workers around the world in 2011 and were responsible over $1.7 trillion in revenues in 2010, according to the Partnership For A New American Economy (http://www.renewoureconomy.org/sites/all/themes/pnae/img/new-american-fortune-500-june-2011.pdf). Most international students work in scientific and technology, and many of them are among the best in their fields. STEM are fields critical for the US to ace at in order to continue its leadership in the world. Each year, h1b holders pay more than 27%, and often more than 30% of their salary to the federal, and the state. This money is used in increasing the medical and other welfare of American people.

2.The international students with STEM degree is an essential part to keep USA as the leading force in the technology and the most powerful country as well. We are facing a competition from all over the world in both technology and economy every day, and the majority of the foreign students in science and engineering are from Asian developing countries and Europe. These countries may not be able to compete with US in most aspects but please do BE AWARE of US do NOT keep its advantage over the college education quality of these countries. Their colleges may not equipped as well as US colleges but, their graduates (with at least bachelor degree) can be trained with no disadvantages comparing American bachelor degree holders. Another important fact is, currently, the majority of international students in the need of OPT are masters or Ph.Ds, and most Americans may not realize that most these students are the best among their college mates, making them definitely welcomed as the one of the best candidates among the world for all research and education institutions. After being trained several years in the US, those who are able to receive degrees is definitely the treasure of this country, because they are the best of where they came from and also received the best education provided by this country. Its nothing but shortsighted and more than ignorance to not put these well trained elites into the fields which makes this country begin to benefit from several years effort on the education. Dont forget that there is no way to find the best ones among more than 6 billion people unless they reveal themselves and come to us, and with the best research environment, US attracts them and they come; they are not like people randomly selected, but well-trained. To create an American Ph.D, it requires more mutiple bachelor level education opportunities seized by more than 4 years and at least another graduate one for another 5 years because not everyone has the interest or capability to continue; but for international students, each only take one opportunities, because their bachelor training is done outside US and this is like the foreign education is working for the US for FREE by granting international students more OPT time. The current immigration law makes it very hard for these students to work legally in the United States even if they are hired by the high-tech companies. If they are forced to leave, they will only support the tech companies in their country and our high level education system is just teaching and training students who work for our competitors. By setting up this OPT-extension, these students will have a chance to work in the United States and contribute to the industry here for at least 3 years and possibly longer if they apply for other types of visa later.

Due to the size limitation, I have to submit two posts and this is the first one. But I also attach my comments as an txt for anyone who is interested.
