Shiyuan Jiang I strongly support this rule for two reasons. On one hand, international students are making huge contributions to our country. Immigrant-founded Fortune 500 companies employed 3.6 million workers around the world in 2011 and were responsible for more than $1.7 trillion in revenues in 2010, according to the Partnership For A New American Economy. Most international students work in science and technology, and they do have great impacts in these fields. In a letter supporting the Senate bill, 14 associations representing thousands of higher education institutions described an urgent need: According to projections, the United States will face a shortfall of more than 200,000 advanced-degree STEM workers by 2018, the associations wrote. In many STEM areas, foreign students are a majority of the Ph.D. graduates from U.S. universities. It went on to say that the immigration system forces many of them to leave, sacrificing the innovation and economic growth they would create here. STEM fields are especially crucial for the US and influence the US's leadership in the world. Moreover, each year, h1b holders pay more than 27%, and often more than 30% of their salary to the federal, and even more to the federal and the state. This money is used in increasing the medical and other welfare of American people. Thus international students are important in increasing the US's economy and social benefit, as well as continuing the world leadership.

On the other hand, I don't think this rule will cause US citizens to lose their jobs in all the industries, as many would argue. First, the proposed rule only benefits international employees who attained their STEM degree in US. And OPT extension only allows them to work in tech industry. Working in any other industry will be illegal and they will get deported if they get caught. Second, US tech industry are growing so fast that US citizens cannot fill in the void in the US tech industry. Thus international student have a chance to come. However, US tech companies definitely prefer US citizens over international students if they have the same skill set and capability because they can work here without any restrictions whereas international students need sponsor from those tech companies. And those tech companies is risking potential loss of those international employees because of the H1B lottery system. So, even in fields like tech industry, US citizens are not losing jobs significantly.

In all, I strongly support this rule. It will definitely bring prosperity to the US in many aspects.
