Wendi Chang I highly agree with this new rules. STEM graduates like me should be given more opportunities to stay in United States. The reasons are presented as following.

First, without this policy, America will loss millions of brilliant students, which will influence the economy of whole country. As is known to all, 80% of the international students went to the top 150 universities in USA. And after graduation, they go to the high-end companies in their fields, making huge contribution to the country. As such, OPT extension period helps all these graduation students to stay and work legally. without this policy, I think a lot of international students will just choose England, Australia, Canada for their graduate study, since the price is relatively low for some other countries and they can stay relatively easy after graduation.

Second, I read through a lots of commons listed on the website. Many of them included that the a number of local citizens cannot find jobs because of the existence of international graduators. In my opinion, that is very ridiculous and unreasonable. Just give a simple example here, to hire a international student, the company need to sponsor the employee for the H1b working visa, need to apply for the e-verified quality to ensure the extension of the OPT, to tolerate the risk and lose that the employee may not get the H1b working visa. If the company can find the local qualified candidates, why not? The reason is pretty obvious that the company the country needs international students in specific areas like IT, financial, engineering and so on.

Third, the success of the United States is because of the diversity, the freedom the whole country. Different people with totally diverse background involved in the country. This diversity combine different opinions, different characteristic together, making more possibility. 

In conclusion, I highly agree to approve this policy, to let more and more brilliant people stay here without unnecessary identity troubles. 

