1. I heard that the unemployment rate has hit historical low (5.5% @ http://data.bls.gov/timeseries/LNS14000000), which is a strong indicator the American industry would be needing and able to digest work forces to boost the economy. We don't need to bypass the fact that the U.S. might be at a great era ever since 2008, perhaps an unprecedented one in the course of reaching a peaked economy. Turning down and expelling work force with cutting edge expertise would be exceedingly disruptive both imminently and in the long run. And also where are the diversity and equality which this country values as declared by its founders?? 

2. The proposed policy influences the job market for the STEM graduates with decent degrees deferred within U.S., and to a great deal of them advanced ones - masters or PhDs, instead of the "unlawful low-levellers". If one happens to stay out of a job, and happens to be an American, - before making judgment - it might be more objective for one to consider the competency between him/herself and the counterparts with more cultivated education background that the American institution has nurtured. And the conclusion is just out of the question that the achievement of a practical training opportunity, is through the evil protection of the DHS instead of the persistent hard work within an educational environment of which they paid for by all means.

3. Please differentiate the H1B workers from the STEM OPT based graduate employees, who are willing to get more properly trained after investing great amount of typical 6-figure tuitions and service fees for this country throughout years. For the latter, who pa the taxes just the same as the citizens, hypothetically they ARE willing to stay and contribute in longer term, they have already gone through the incredibly harsh lottery (brought up out of ridiculous cause but successfully curtail the total number of aliens trying to find a job) to get a work permission settled down. (put Americans first , get i