I am not working in Industry, so I cannot comments for people who are working in companies. As a scientist in an academic institute, I have to say, Extension of OPT has benefitted the institutes and science areas for many reasons. 
1) OPT extension provide more candidates for institutes to seek better trainees (such as postdocs) regardless their citizenships. Compared with J-type scholars, International scholars who obtained their degrees in the U.S usually have less- language and cultural barriers and can quickly fit into a new position in their own fields. Compared with citizens, OPT-students have more pressure to be productive to keep their temporary positions. 
2) Extension of OPT saves money and time for the institutes. Without OPT extension, many scientists (on-OPT extension) who are operating an ongoing projects will be forced to change their immigration status ( H1). Advisors have to waste their time for documentation and have to sponsor the additional money to keep those scholars. Otherwise, they have to find other candidates and restart everything and re-train others. Time is so priceless for Science competition, the additional time for seeking and training a new project leader can turn out to be a disaster. Generally speaking, three years of OPT is a good time-frame for finishing a biological project, as such, scholars and institutes can focus on their research without bothering documentation and other distraction for one or two projects. 
3) Extension of OPT contributes to test the "qualified expert" for science area without threatening the local job market. If a student on his or her OPT is not competitive, he or she will not be hired anyway, there is no threat for the job market for other employers. If a student is very competitive, they will obtain their job soon. Healthy competition is a respect for all employers and job market. However, one-year OPT is only sufficient for providing a position for a student, but two additional years would be fair for