I strongly support it. I'd organize my supporting reasons in three points. In my opinion, the improvement of training opportunities for STEM F-1 students do really make a difference for the USA.

1. First of all, the job opportunities for STEM students are NOT taking the citizen's jobs away. As a foreign student, I have seen numerous times that a US citizen got the job offer over several STEM students when he/she has similar skills and knowledge. To be honest, in some cases, the citizen has less skills but he/she gets hired because it is much easier for a company to recruit a citizen than a foreigner. If I were the hiring manager, I'd certainly prefer citizens over STEM students when they can do the same level work. Hiring a foreign student will cost more for the company, beyond which there're too many uncertainties too. For example, foreign students might leave due to work authorization problem after one year. Therefore, if a STEM student is hired by a company, it is almost equivalent of saying there's no comparable citizen for this position in the market. The STEM students won't and CANNOT take the citizen's jobs away.

2. Regardless of the "competition" in STEM jobs, these STEM jobs are creating more job opportunities for the citizens. Many tech companies rely on STEM students. If they cannot find enough employees, they have choices either shut the project down or outsource the project overseas. Both choices are bad for the US economy. Specifically, when the project is set up in US homeland, there will be several supporting business created for it. For instance, let's say company G opens a new branch in place X, there'll be new cafes, restaurants, shopping centers, etc. opening for the employees there. On the other hand, if the company is outsourcing the project and shuts down its branch in place Y, then many such supporting business will be also shut down so that many US citizens who work here will lose their jobs.

3. The last but not least point, the economy i