The ruling NEEDS TO BE APPROVED for following reasons:

1. The STEM students are NOT competing with most American workers. Most jobs these students take are the developer or modeling positions that require advanced quantitative skills, which most American do not enroll in college or graduate studies. Just look at the percentage of foreign students in the STEM majors. Without proper work authorization for the STEM students, most large tech companies will relocate their development department off shore, which is already a trend due to the broken H1-B system. Think about it again for those Americans claiming that STEM students stealing their job opportunities! If there is no attraction to students studying in STEM majors in US, there will be NO reason to place the company offices in US for those large global companies!

2. The arguments by some of the American workers that foreign students have advantage because of a lower salary than hiring an American are NOT TURE. Companies generally pay the same salary for the same position, regardless of the citizenship. Actually, to hire an international student, companies generally need to pay more for their visa and work authorization petitions such as H1B or even green card application, which costs significantly amount of money to hire lawyers and pay application fees.

3. The objection by most commenters are BLINDED and simply pointing to a WRONG group! What really takes the job opportunities from American workers are those who applied work visas abusively from overseas directly. Out of the 65K quota for H1b every year, tens of thousands are simply taken by the few indian consulting companies (namely Infosys, Tata). See: http://www.myvisajobs.com/Reports/2015-H1B-Visa-Sponsor.aspx

Due to the abusive behavior by these indian consulting companies (some even filed 7-8 petitions just to increase the chance of being picked in the lottery), the chance for a student with advanced degree in US has become notoriously low (probably on