Hello,

I strongly support and appreciate the new rule proposed by DHS on extending the OPT to 24 months and over all of 36 months for STEM students. I've CLEARLY observed that there is a lot not being considered in the comments when opposing or supporting the new rule. 

Firstly, I support the rule because not only it clearly helps many foreign students with enormous talent to practice what they are best at, it also lets US government leverage such resources to the maximum, for the welfare of the country.

Also in most part of US, the employment criteria for STEM students (both foreigner and citizens) is almost the same. In fact, a citizen has more advantageous as most of the firms prefer to have a US citizen employee regardless of full time or contracting position. For instance one of the major reason a citizen is benefited more is, the firm hiring him/her doesn't have to sponsor that person to have him/her working legally and this is a huge road block for a foreign student before they can even get to an interview. Further, no foreign student gets any kind of benefit when during unemployment and to the worst they would have to leave the country if they don't find a job adhering to their majors of study.

Moreover in regards to mentor ship and training program I think this would make up tons of paper work and might delay the process or refrain the employers from hiring students. I would say modifying the kind of documentation to be provided by employer and University in a less burdensome and friendly fashion would benefit both the foreign students and US government. Also this should even be applied to US STEM citizens as at least that would keep the distance between toughness levels for both foreign students and US citizens fair. 

Furthermore if the rule is cancelled, almost more than 70 percent revenue generated through foreign student's investments in higher education would be lost, delivering a huge blow to the US economy, let alone making US citizens unemploye