Xt Lu I strongly support this proposed rule for extending OPT periods for STEM students. The main thing people oppose this rule is that they think international students get jobs so that there are less opportunities for American people. This is definitely not true.
First of all, with international students working in the United States, more great minds working in the high-tech area, more cutting-edge technologies can be created and improved. With the creation and improvement of technologies, more job chances will be boosted. Thus people, whether domestic or international, will have more opportunities to work. You can't imagine Apple or Google without so many talented international IT engineers. Without those great minds, the technologies wouldn't have been developed so fast in the past few years.
Secondly, right now, the job market should be seen as more broader. It's not the job market for only one country. It is the job market for the whole world, the whole globe. This is true that there are chances in the United States, while there are chances in the other countries. And as of now, more and more American and European businessmen and high-tech engineers go to Asia to broaden their career paths. And we China need these people to help develop China's economy. This goes the same with the United States. Students staying in the America to develop our careers, while the industries do need us, especially the engineering industries. People should be able to transfer and stay in the places where they want to work, over the whole globe. This will help the whole world get a better improvement in the technology and economy fields.
Last but not the least, international students can bring different cultures to the domestic. And the job market definitely needs different cultures. A friend of mine went to China and saw different culture, which is totally different from her life experience. And the experience she had in China helped develop her career later on since she pursued for the chances to work oversea several times. With people from different cultures working together, people will feel the cultures from every one and even learn something from each other. This will help people working happier and will increase the working efficiency, and also, this will help American workers' career paths.
Extending OPT for international students with STEM degrees is really important. It will definitely not cut domestic people's working opportunities. In stead, it will help increase the chances with the improvement and boost of new technologies and economy. And to view this question globally, this proposed rule will help improve the technologies and economy for the whole world.
