Hongtao Yang I strongly support the proposal.
Currently I am a PhD student in one of the best petroleum programs in the US. I strongly support the proposal to expand training opportunities for F-1 nonimmigrant students for the following reasons.
1, International students would not take the jobs of US students. In our department, there are roughly 200 graduate students. Less than 30% are US citizens. Among these 30% US students, less than 10% are PhD students. A masters degree can help these US students find a very decent job already. So few of them would pursue PhD degree. However, for international students, more than 80% percent are PhD. Even though international students have high degree and better academic performance, they are not the first choice to oil and gas companies. These oil and gas companies would only take international students when they cannnot find US students to fit their job positions. 
2, Competition is always good to the US students. We have to admit that many US students are spoiled since they can easily find a good job without hard working. A litter bit competition with international student can push them working hard and spend more time to improve themselves.
3, For international students, eventhough they working really hard, they still cannot find a job and live a good life. This is not US spirit. In US, we believe that hard working can bring a better life.
4, In oil and gas companies, international students usually go to the R&D department. They work hard and develop new technologies to the industry. That is why the oil production booms in the last decade and US economy recovers faster than those non-immigration countries in Europe. If international students have to go back to their home countries, it is no doubt a disaster to the oil industry, especially at this moment. The oil price is so low that the oil companies need new technologies more than ever to economically recover hydrocarbons. 
For these reasons, I strongly support the proposal.
