To begin with, I strongly support the new rules which extends the training period to 24 months. The reasons are listed as following:

1. DHS is taking this action to include a STEM OPT extension as part of the OPT program under the F-1 nonimmigrant classification in order to better ensure, among other important national interests, that the U.S. academic sector can remain competitive globally. Enabling continued extended OPT for qualifying students with experience in STEM fields is consistent with DHS's Study in the States initiative, announced after the 2008 IFR in September 2011 to encourage international students to study in the United States. That initiative particularly focused on enhancing our nation's economic, scientific and technological competitiveness by finding new ways to encourage talented international students to become involved in expanded post-graduate opportunities in the United States. The initiative has taken various steps to enhance and improve the Nation's nonimmigrant student programs.

2. Countries such as Canada, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia, Malaysia, Taiwan, and China are actively instituting new strategies to attract international students. For example, Canada also recognizes that educational institutions need international students to compete in the global race for research talent. In April, 2008, Canada modified its Post-Graduation Work Permit Program to allow international students who have graduated from a recognized Canadian post-secondary institution to stay and gain valuable post-graduate work experience for a period equal to the length of the student's study program, up to a maximum of three years, with no restrictions on type of employment. [36] This change resulted in a 64% increase in the number of post-graduation work permits issued to international students in 2008. By 2014, the number of international students in the program more than doubled its 2008 total. In addition, Canada aims to double the number of inte