I strongly support this rule.

Here are my arguments:

1. This will be benificial to America's economy, especially in engineering industrials. As engineering industry is doing better and better in other countries, U.S. is facing more and more fierce competition with other countries in engineering areas. With this rule in effect, U.S. engineering/IT companies will not be afraid of hiring an international worker because of the H1B lottery thing that is going on for recent years and possibly many future years. Their selecting range for corresponding STEM workers will be increased, and thus, they will be able to select out the best STEM workers. However, if we do not have this rule implemented, STEM international student will only have 1 year OPT. Thus, U.S. Engineering/IT Employers will not even consider about hiring international students because they do not want to risk missing the H1B lottery and losing the international worker after extensive training. The end result is that they could only hire American STEM which do not include all qualified students in that area, thus making them lacking competibility. As we all know, Engineering/IT company right now in US is lacking a lot of qualified STEM student as their engineers and developers, only the American STEM student is not an enough source for that job.

2. If this rule is not implemented, a lot of the qualified and excellent stem students will flow back to their own country if they only have 2 times for the H1B lottery and is not selected on neither of those. This will lead to a loss of talent for US Engineering companies and in reverse, it will benefit other countries with which US is the competior in manufacturing/engineering/technology industry.

3. One argument of people who are against of this rule is that OPT STEM student will take away jobs from local America STEM students. This is not true. In reality, only a small portion of STEM student will be able to find a job and work for US employers for 1-2 years o