Zhaorong Wang I strongly support this proposal of OPT extension. As a PhD candidate in a world-renowned university, I will speak from my own experience that such a OPT extension is necessary, and argue that it is also beneficial not only for myself but for the U.S., including the native U.S. workers.

First of all, for PhD students like me, we spent 5 or more years to earn a PhD degree, which means the subjects and problems we are dealing with is either difficult or long-term. We need a longer time (definitely more than 12 month) to practice on the knowledge and skills we gained through the PhD. If the U.S. does not allow such a long and stable period of practicing and training time, we simply won't be able to convert the knowledge to productivity, most of us will choose to leave the U.S. right after the graduation. It is definitely a loss to the U.S. since these young talents constitutes a large portion of the workforce for the high tech companies that drive the U.S. economy. In contrary, a favorable OPT policy will continue to attract more excellent foreign students to study in the U.S. and make contributions to it.

Second, OPT extension is beneficial for the U.S. It helps in the following ways:
1) It attracts more STEM talents from all over the world, which could improve the competitiveness of the U.S. in science and technology in the world.
2) It increases the diversity, which is what many media and educators considered to be the key to America's success
3) It also introduces more competition, which is good for the country as a whole. Just like the key role of competition in enterprise and business, no country can continue to thrive without proper competition.

Third, I think OPT extension is also beneficial for the native workers, contrary to the many downvote comments, in the following ways:
1) More competent STEM students working for high tech companies means stronger economy. After all, the economy of America is driven by IT and high tech industry. A stronger economy is beneficial for everyone.
2) Foreign talents from STEM fields are more likely to co-found start-ups that bring in more jobs for the natives. I see many such examples in my own university. There's probably statistics online showing that. 
3) The foreign students from STEM will not compete with natives in many key areas like defense, aerospace, quantum information, but only fill in the vacancies of STEM fields left by the natives. 

Lastly, I want to mention the tax benefits enjoyed by U.S. citizen but not by foreign students and workers. Because foreigners cannot vote for congressman, the citizens can make the best tax policy for themselves. That will help to protect U.S. workers by another channel. This is just one example. There are many other channels the U.S. could leverage to protect the native workers, rather than blocking this channel. Because simply blocking up to a million of the international students will do much more harm than good.

In the end, I want to address those common downvote comments. I understand their unwillingness of competing with foreigners on jobs. But they often make the assumption that the job positions are fixed, more foreigners take them, less spots left for the natives. But that assumption is not true. The foreign students are not only sharing the "cake", but also making the "cake" bigger. They often creates directly or indirectly more job positions than they consume. Reversely, think about if there were no OPT extension, most foreign talents will end up in somewhere anyway, maybe their own country like China, India or maybe countries like Canada, Singapore having more favorable policy. They will use what they learn in the U.S. to help the industries in other countries. Do you want these countries to rob manufacturing, pharmaceutical or IT jobs from America? Come on, we are in a globalized world, when the Asians can manufacture everything at a much lower price, who wants to buy the products from American company that you are working for? If you welcome foreigners to work in the US, the US can continue to take the lead in all the key areas. Otherwise, I really don't think the US can maintain the lead for too long. Maybe 10 years? Think about your next generation.
