I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:

1. US citizens have taken over all the advantages, and extension time is the only help for international students. As for international students, there has been many disadvantages for them when study in America. They lack the language ability as native speakers, they lack the understanding of living, working and social culture of the country, they have no relationship to rely on when seeking for a job,and there is almost no internships for international students either. If the government agree with some remarks here that OPT Extension treats foreigners better than the US citizens, then they must ask themselves: isn't it silly and selfish to take over all advantages and say an extension will ruin their lives? It is a basic fact that, even if there is OPT extension for STEM students, it is still very hard for these students to find even a very common job, usually below average.

2.OPT Extension gives international students as well as the US a bright future. Not only international students can find a job and make a life in the America, but also america's economy and innovation is strongly relied on the foreign blood. It is a fact that US has used its excellent salary and working conditions to attract talent people from all over the world to make contributions to the country, and the STEM students is the most significant one. If the country don't give an opportunities for them, not only the students will have no American Dreams anymore, but also the whole country lost the new blood from the whole world. All these talented people need better education and work. If the US doesn't provide them what they want, they will also find another place to realize their dreams, like Europe and the other rising superpower, China. I believe it is not a pleasing result that the US would like to see.

3.The international students never take the best jobs in america, but do what you don't want to do, to fill the hole in the socie