Kaiang Jia You Honor,

I STRONGLY SUPPORT this new OPT policy. I have following reasons:

1. I believe the purpose of having OPT program is to not only help International students to gain work experience after graduating from college, but more importantly to allow U.S. companies having chances to keep the good talents in the US and further help the U.S. grow. U.S. has been prospering in science and technology, it is not only because we have one of the world's best education system and first-class universities, but also lots of brilliant immigrants from all over the world working in U.S. companies. They bring in different perspectives and skill sets to make the U.S. prosper. In addition, the current 29 months (which has been vacated...) is one of the main reasons that international students coming to Unites States instead of other countries. Without it, those students won't be motivated to come and may be go to other more welcoming countries. In the long term, you may be seeing a big shift in international labors and the competence of Unites States in technology and science field may no longer be the strongest. I think neither you nor I want to see that happen.

2. Most of the arguments against this policy lands on stealing job opportunities from American citizens, which is poor grounded without any evidences. First of all, jobs are equal to everyone, as long as you have the skills you can get the job. That's also one of the main reasons U.S. attracts lots of talents, people here are equal to compete, no discrimination, no advantage, but equality. Admitted, international students do make the job market more competing, but it only makes the U.S. companies more competitive in the global market and makes the country stronger. Furthermore, even this policy doesn't pass and fewer international students will compete with American citizens in the job market, most companies won't lower their bar for their jobs just because there are fewer applicants. And even they do lower the bar to hire less qualified people, the companies' performance and competitiveness will decrease, and I'm sure neither you nor I want to see that happen too.

Today we are living in a globalization world, the country who have most talents in the world is able to lead the world in terms science, technology and most likely also economy. The U.S. policies currently is proving that the country is doing what a world leader should do. And the its OPT policy one of the important puzzles for U.S. to lead and prosper. Why do we remove something that is functioning well and benefiting the country? Please consider this policy carefully, if it doesn't pass it means from next February hundred thousands of international students will immediately lose their job and identity in the U.S., not to mention a greater amount of international students who will graduate in the future. Please keep the United States thrive.
