I highly support Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees. 

International students are not the only group that benefiting from the extension of OPT, U.S. citizens are also highly benefiting from it. International students are creating more jobs and at the same time boosted up U.S economy significantly. Note1: International students contributed more than 26.8 billion to the U.S and 340000 jobs during 2013-2014 (nafsa.org). International students are paying double amount of tuition than U.S. Students. I personally pay 39000 per academic year without even count for the summer school tuition, just because that I am an international student. All those money would go towards U.S citizens for their social security, health benefits, etc... 

Large U.S corporations such as Apple inc., Ford, Google are crucial to U.S economy and offer most job opportunities to U.S citizens. Many of those companies are running globally since globalization plays an essential role in the world economy. Without enough knowledge of other countries' culture, many U.S. companies can face conflicts or misunderstanding, which could result that U.S companies lose the high potential international market. Because those international students know both cultures in the U.S and their homeland, they can be the best mediators to help U.S companies to enter markets of other countries. Hence, international students play an important role to insecure those U.S companies well functioning in global market. 

International students especially in STEM degrees are just simply filled up the spot that U.S citizens do not want. We need to be honest and face the fact that not everyone has great passion for math, physics, statics and other majors in the STEM categories. Those majors as very difficult majors and hard to graduate from. Notes2: In a Statistical Analysis Report "STEM Attrition: College Students' Paths Into and Out of STEM Fields": it indicates there are "