Sunny Jha To all those that are shouting , that immigrants will take their jobs ..what jobs are you talking about , jobs at mcdonnalds , or burger kind ? how many American students go to bachelors or masters in the stem field ? less than 5 % , those people get the jobs anyways ... OPT program is aimed for highly qualified skilled labor , let me get you the facts straight ...

Year 2014 : total number of citizens reading in the STEM field (masters, bachelors, PHD) = 80000 
American population = 319,000000
% = 80000/319000000 * 100 = 0.025% ( look at that !) 
What does that mean majority of American population 99.9 % is not even enrolled in the stem field ! so how are we taking your jobs ! so the argument is a fallacy , talking about protecting the rights of 80000 or so number of stem American graduates , the new rule offers a mentorship and trainee program and also it offers more surprise site visits of USCIS officers for two reasons , reason 1 to make sure that the stem opt program is properly being used , that is say if I am from power engineering background there is a strict requirement that I have to get a job only in that field , anything else is unlawful , how will that help you guys ? it will , because this will prevent unlawful employment ,as many people get IT jobs although they are from non IT fields , there is another clause to the law which says companies can enroll a candidate under STEM OPT program as long as the American citizen's job wont be adversely affected , we are talking about those 80000 citizens that did graduate in a STEM first , so it is Americans first anyways .... read the rules first guys 
and someone is commenting about illegals are getting and taking our jobs ! you guys have no idea what you are talking about , we obey strict rules , pay continuous taxes , have to report the school on the regular 6 month basis , there is nothing illegal about us , absolutely nothing. We top the schools at best grades , we create jobs not destroy it , because of me for example my company hired 3 American CAD ( drafters) for the new electrical construction project , because of me and other fellow stem graduate the company profit has grown and reached tremendous heights in this quarter and they are hiring more CAD people , drafters , more HR people of course all Americans, if there is an American who is just as qualified as I am , they get preference anyways because companies find is easier for people - where in they don't have to apply for H1B , green card , and also OPT is a temporary thing its not a permanent sponsorship , so why will company hire anyone of that kind ? the only reason is they are not getting competent local people in the field of engineering ... Get your facts straight people

There is one critical aspect to the looked here though. Prevention should be taken to discourage unlawful unemployment in the IT field hiring people from non IT field of in general people working in Non STEM field and taking jobs of people , even they are from STEM field . This loophole has been well taken care by USCIS this time , as they are offering increasing site surprise visits to make sure that everyone is complying with the rules. As long as this is taken care of , !!! we are all good ... Read the rules people ..spend some time .... lots of ignorant comments here 

Here is the link to the data - 
http://cgsnet.org/ckfinder/userfiles/files/E_and_D_2014_report_final.pdf 
