I strongly support this new STEM OPT extension rule due to reasons from the following aspects:
1.Expanding STEM OPT rule will increase the competitiveness of U.S. academic sector on the international market. I'm a recent PhD graduate in atmospheric science from China and am right now a postdoc scholar in University of California. Before I came to US, I had multiple offers from US, Canada, Singapore, Hong Kong and British. The most important reason for me to choose US over all other countries is that US could provide me the follow-up academic training (postdoc and potentially research scientist positions) after graduation. 
2.Expanding STEM OPT rule will increase the productivity and advancing the development of US STEM scientific research. Most Universities (including Univ. California system) do not support H1B for postdoc scholars. In my case, when the judge on vacating OPT came out this August, my postdoc advisor regretfully expressed that if OPT cannot continue, I would have to terminate my postdoc training immediately and go back to China, because he cannot sponsor the H1B due to school regulations. Considering we currently have papers in review in 'Science' and 'Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences', the premature termination of OPT will impose a delay on publishing timing research and potentially have European competitors taking the lead. In my field, international postdoc scholars contribute to about half of the total postdoc community, vacating the STEM OPT would strike the competitiveness of US research community unequivocally.
3.3 years of STEM OPT fits the turnover cycle of most scientific research projects. Most NSF funded project features length of 3-5 years. For example, the project I am currently working on is funded for a total of 5 years. Therefore 3 years of OPT would be an appropriate length to get high quality research done and paper published, and transition from postdoc scholar to a research scientist type of positions. Appropriate O