Ms. Katherine Westerlund
Policy Chief (Acting)
Student and Exchange Visitor Program
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement
500 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20536

Re:Comments on Proposed Rule: Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students
80 Fed. Reg. 63375 (October 19, 2015)
Docket ID: ICEB-2015-0002

Dear Chief Westerlund:
I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students," published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.
As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in 2014 with a Masters in Computer Science from University of Souther California.
The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. 
I was glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.
I am in my OPT STEM extension period and without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes.

My H1B has been applied twice previously by my employer in 2014 and in 2015 and in both the attempts I was not picked in the lottery.
I work in VMware, a leading software company in the field of virtualization and cloud storage. I am involved in 3 core projects in VMware that deal with large number of customers and bring huge revenue to the company. 
So my work here is benefiting the US economy as well as helping create more jobs.

Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest