Ying Ni I support STEM OPT Extension for the following reasons:

(1) Canceling OPT Extension is against this countrys core value. Every year, USA attracts large amount of talented and skilled people from all over the world to study in its Universities and Colleges, work in this country under OPT or H1B visa. Those foreigners make significant contribution to the prosperity of USA. There is no second country in the world having such influence, not even the rising China. And even when the education fee of the Universities and Colleges in USA is continuously increasing, the foreigners are still willing to attend school here and to work in this country for a little longer. Why? Because they believe that USA is a great place where equal opportunities are, where the freedom of being creative is, where people from different cultures overcome prejudice and work as one to make a brighter future, and because they believe through their hard work little by little, not by cheating, dream will come true. This is the essential spirit the great nation is built with. OPT Extension shows that USA is trying to keep the open and equal opportunity environment for everyone in the world who has dreams and who is willing to take adventures for their dreams. So far, it is a Win-Win situation. Canceling OPT Extension will be a dangerous signal implicating that USA is not so open to the foreign talents any more. The significant impact will be not only on economy but also on the core value: people who work hard legally with their talents and skills are discouraged and those who cheated to obtain their immigration status dont have any trouble. 

(2) The foreign workers under OPT Extension are restricted to work for only E-Verified companies, compared to native workers having many more choices, and the foreign workers only occupy the positions where the companies cannot find any more equally good native candidates. So OPT Extension does NOT have significant impact on the countrys employment rate.

(3) OPT Extension is a great supplement to H1B visa. Every year the number of foreign workers applying for H1B is much larger than the limited H1B quota (for some countries), and their fate has to be determined by a lottery. Whats worse, a few immoral consulting companies file a large number of fake applications to increase the probability of being picked in the lottery. OPT Extension gives those who work hard legally without cheating, a second chance to apply for H1B visa. Again, canceling OPT Extension will only make things worse: it will Discourage foreign workers obtaining their legal status through hard work. 

(4) OPT Extension helps companies keep talented workers and cost less on recruiting and re-training new resources.
