Chentian Zhang I fully support the improved and expanded OPT with STEM Degrees. If implemented, this new proposal will benefit not only the US economy as well as the international image of US.

First, the US higher education system has attracted a lot of F-1 students in the past couple decades, bringing into US a big number of talents and a huge source of revenue. This is particularly important for public universities that relies greatly on government funding in this tough economy. The STEM extension has been one of the great feature that attracts so many hardworking students to pursue a STEM degree in the US. Through STEM extension, many of these students joined and started high-tech companies, that boosted the US economy and created more jobs. Eliminating the STEM extension could potentially make it harder for F-1 students to contribute to the US economy because there is simply too little time.

Second, more and more big US companies start to open branches oversea because the market there is relatively unsaturated and the cost is low. These companies tend to hear F-1 students with US working experience, which makes sense because they understand the US working culture and their own culture. The STEM extension gives F-1 students more opportunities to gain US working experience and eventually work in these US companies oversea. It really helps the US companies to adapt quicker to a different environment and help the local as well as the US economy, which improves the international image of the US.

Third, the STEM extension might seem to make the US citizens harder to find jobs. This worry is unfounded. The number of STEM extension is very small to the number of the US citizens that are looking for jobs. Also the STEM related jobs are usually very demanding and not attractive to many of the US citizens, while STEM F-1 students who merely want to gain more experience would work super hard and productively on these jobs. Again, they are helping the US economy. 

In summary, the STEM extension has been benefiting US in various ways. As a country that is known for talents immigration, the STEM extension is such an effective way that makes talents stay and really contribute to the US economy.
