A. G. To the concerned authorities:

I hope you will go through my entire comment,

My Stand on the proposed regulation: Positive

The recently proposed regulation in a positive step forward in attracting international students more towards USA than any other countries. 24- month extension of the employment opportunity definitely helps the international students who have invested their time and their(or parents)lifetime money savings for getting quality education. Most of the international students preferred higher studies in USA because of the opportunities available here to apply their knowledge gained through their education. 

Backing out on this proposed extension will have serious negative impact on the 
1) Current International Students future who were all ready there here in the USA as they do not have enough time to plan their alternative for their future
2) Prospective students who prefer other countries for their higher education where the chance of gaining a practical knowledge is more rather than just studying at the university
3) Global Competitiveness of the USA universities (Will fail to attract the best of the talent for their research) 
4) Huge revenue loss to the USA universities
5) Employers suffer lack of quality resources who have advanced degrees
6) Global competitiveness of the US tech companies as no organization can achieve the success with out having the best of the talent
7) Knowledge drain in the tech fields in the future(may not have immediate impact)
8) Non-diverse environment in the universities and possibly in the tech companies

Analyzing each of the points mentioned above will give the overall picture of the affected parties if the proposed rule does not go through and to avoid these circumstances it is absolutely necessary to pass the proposed regulation by DHS.

Concerns raised by the USA citizens(mentioned in previous comments) :
1. Jobs that will be taken away from the USA citizens in favor of OPT students
Please inquire about this with any company(genuine tech firms) that employs the OPT students. 
I am pretty confident that any employer would prefer the US citizen over a foreigner who are equally talented simply because of the fact that the employer does not need to worry about any thing else like applying for a work visa if the employers wish to retain their employees for a prolonged period of time.
I must make a point here about the hiring process at any genuine company just to educate the people about the proper procedure that has to be followed before hiring a foreign national.
a. An advertisement has to be made for the vacancy (through their company website at least)
b. Consider all the applications (resumes) and pick out the best ones which they think they are right fit
c. Conduct interviews (all the questions will be almost the same for all of them and notes will be taken by the interviewers)
d. pick out the best candidate whom they think is a right fit.
The company at any time has to prove to the government that proper procedure has been followed to pick a foreign national over a US citizen. Please remember that the companies do not need to go through all this pain if they want to pick a US citizen.
2. OPT Students will be a cheap labor --- Any foreign national should be paid a prevailing wage i.e same as they should pay the US citizen(please refer to the regulation). In fact employers spend more in employing foreign nationals paying for their work authorizations etc.
3. Unemployment rate -- The law actually provides a safeguard to the US citizens that no citizen can be displaced in favor of a foreign national. So, there will not be unemployment just because of the OPT extension. Exact notes from the proposed regulation docket --"As the size of the U.S. workforce is approximately 156 million,86 the STEM OPT population constitutes a fraction of a percent (0.021 percent) of the overall U.S. civilian workforce. Additionally, when considering the national total estimated STEM employment population of 17 million workers,87 the STEM OPT population would constitute 0.19 percent. However, DHS includes this non-displacement attestation to minimize any unintended consequences of the proposed rule on the U.S. labor market."
4. Employers will favor OPT students than the USA citizens because of the incentives provided by the DHS -- May be DHS would answer about this claim

My Suggestions to DHS were:

1. Please make sure that all the international students will have enough time to plan their future in case if any thing similar to court ruling thay has happened in last August on STEM extension repeats in the future
2. Please give potential OPT employers the flexibility in getting a work visa(increasing the quota for advanced degree in H1B etc.) in case if they want to retain the same OPT candidate , that would help both the employers and OPT students to make meaningful contributions
