Huiyi Guo In many academic programs, which meets the demand of the industry by producing qualified and needed workers, are filled by international students mostly. This is not only the case for high-tech-related programs, which has been a well-known phenomenon, but also the case some business-related programs. For example, the highest ranking program in the field of financial mathematics, the master of computational finance program of Carnegie Mellon University, has more than 69% international students for the past five classes, and the fraction has grown into 89% in 2015. Similar situation applies to actuarial science programs, econometrics and mathematical economics programs. The reason behind is that most citizens are interested in and better at works requiring the ability to communicate and the sense to smell the market, rather than the technically challenging jobs. Some international students take advantage of their intense training in technically challenging fields, and meet the demand of the academic programs and the industry. The OPT and STEM help those newly graduates work legally in US before getting a working visa. In recent years, the fraction of newly graduates affected by OPT and STEM is larger than ever, because the number of permitted working visas fails to meet the high demand resulting from a prosperous job markets. If the STEM extension ruling cannot be passed, a tremendous fraction of workers will be affected and forced to leave US. The abrupt shortage in labor supply will affect firms negatively. 
Some may argue that US citizens need to be trained properly so that they can compete with international student in the quantitative fields. It may be plausible, but education takes time. In order to produce a worker meeting the demand of some technically challenging work, a four-year-education is required, and very often a six-year-education is preferred, not to mention the training time in different positions of various companies. To change the labor structure in US, it takes additional time for potential policy changes to take effect and incentivize young native students. Therefore any potential policy changes cannot solve the problem of abrupt shortage in labor supply if STEM extension was revoked. Even if the domestic labor structure needs a transition, I support a 24-month or longer STEM extension to assist the transition in a smooth way.
