The proposed rule will benefit both international graduates from STEM programs and the US economy. As a STEM graduate, I noticed that my STEM program has been historically dominated by international students, due to the academic rigor and the quantitative skills required in accepting candidates. Giving permissions to international students to work in the United States will not only help them attain relevant experiences, but also help their STEM programs flourish and reinforce the industry-needed skill sets in classrooms. 

The proposal will benefit the U.S. economy because some technical firms would not have a sufficiently large pool of talents to grow businesses if foreign nationals are excluded. Although we see some U.S. citizens that are great at technical skills, the scale of such talents is much smaller when compared to that of international graduates.

One additional benefit of this proposal for international graduates is, obviously, the extended period to work in the United States. As an applicant who filed for a H1-B petition this year but failed in the lottery, I know that there is preponderance of evidence where a firm files multiple petitions for an employee or a working professional files multiple petitions with different employers in the H1-B lottery process. This significantly lowers the probability of an applicant (who only files for one petition with his/her current employer) to be selected in the lottery. There are even some IT firms that tend to increase the H1B pass rate for employees in numerous ways, but they do this at the cost of the applicants who work for them--the pay is generally lower, which has an unintended consequence to the job market and creates a financial edge for these employers.Therefore, having the proposal approved would help rebuild the level field in the H1B lottery and brings back fairness to international hires in the job market. 

In summary, the new OPT extension proposal is a policy that is beneficial to both the U.S. ec