As an international student, I STRONGLY support the OPT proposal.

And here is the reason: 

One huge reason that the U.S. education could be more attractive than other countries is that getting educated in America gives students more chance to learn. By mentioning 'chance to learn' I don't only mean that you can learn in campus, but also that you could have a change to get in to company and apply what you have learned in to real life practice. I have to say lots of my friends and also me decided to come to America for graduate study because of the existence of OPT. Otherwise I can totally choose the United Kingdom, France or other country and get my master's degree in a shorter period.

As what I said before, OPT allows lots of STEM students be able to apply what they learned at top schools to real life practice, which is providing huge productivity America. Check out how many employees at computer companies are from former OPT students. Without such workers those companies would lose huge productivity and results in more job loss for the following supply chains.

People may say OPT may raise competition against native American workers, that is not totally false for some international companies, but please there are much more companies that is for Americans only, which provide much more job opportunities than the number of OPT positions. More importantly, even for the companies that accept OPT students, only a few of them could stay at the end with critical skill, which is totally not a bad thing for the US. As I know, China and other countries are offering great benefit to attract its over-sea students back to its own country, and the OPT is one of the biggest reason for the elite students decide to stay in the U.S.

America managed to became one of the most developed country because of it provide opportunities for people all over the world and attracted those most creative and talent guys. Let the OPT proposal pass and keep the country supported by those most edu