I'm a grad student currently in OPT F1 VISA, I am writing this comment here just to clarify why we need OPT extension and how the extension will effect people like me in the U.S and the country.

1. Why STEM needs extension
STEM is the base of all development, those people who are working in this area do all the practical jobs and make real changes to the world. We need extension because these areas need more time to practice, to be proficient of, and to make a change. These areas are so complicated that they need really smart people, lots of experience, also interested in all the technical stuff, and lots of people like this. Take internet or your laptops or whatever you can pick up around you, see how many changes it has from 10 years ago, this will give a coarse view of how many efforts it needs. For STEM students, a short term practice is not enough because of the requirement of these areas. If we still have the original purpose of why OPT policy exists, we need to consider extending it for STEM areas, not only for these areas' complexity, but for the changes they can make and the importance for the U.S.

2. VISA problem
For those who still want to work in the U.S. after OPT ends, a H1-B VISA is what they need. However, look at the policy that currently exists for people who need to transfer from OPT to H1-B: people need to put their documents into UNFAIR LOTTERY and compete their luck on a chance of their documents to be reviewed. I mark it UNFAIR here because there are so many tricks to improve the chances to win the lottery, which are not legal from law point of view but still there're no effective ways to control them. For example, there're companies that do nothing but help people "get hired" under many "companies", so that people who pay them can get multiple tickets in the lottery, and increase their chances. People are faced with increasingly complicated issues in this area, what makes it worse is that usually people only get two chances in April to jump