The DHS should incorporate the submission of the Mentoring and Training Plan directly into SEVIS to increase efficiency in approving STEM OPT extensions. SEVIS is already used to record data regarding the status and eligibility F-1 nonimmigrant students applying for STEM OPT programs or extensions and monitor their academic and workplace performance. The submission of the Mentoring and Training Program to SEVIS would make it easier for F-1 students and their Designated School Official (DSO) to apply for an OPT programs and extensions by concentrating all information relevant to the application process into one system. The current proposal states the "DHS plans to incorporate the submission of the Mentoring and Training Plan into SEVIS at a later date. Until that time DHS may require the submission of the Plan to ICE or USCIS, including to USCIS when the student seeks certain benefit requests from USCIS, such as an application for employment authorization." Concentrating this information in SEVIS would reduce bureaucratic delay caused by the current system, which requires the submission of application information to different organizations within Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE). USCIS should have direct and coordinated access to SEVIS information regarding students seeking USCIS benefits. The DHS should also increase student's ability to update their own records on SEVIS. This would further concentrate important information regarding OPT applications for STEM students and reduce the responsibilities of the DSO and ICE officials to actively monitor student records. Under the current proposal, students cannot access SEVIS to update information without gaining access to restricted areas of the system. The concentration of relevant information about F-1 Students applying for OPT grants and extensions in SEVIS would increase student accountability in carrying out the OPT application process and provide the ICE with a single database for the assessment of applica