I strongly support this proposal.

1. OPT program and its extension has made great contributions to the US economy.
When the students are trained in the US, they receive income and consume products as well as services, which leads to tax and job opportunities. During the training, they finish projects and build products for the US. These projects and products are constantly making profits for the US. 
They also make contribution to social security. After the training, they will leave the country. They will not receive money from social security, although many of them pay social security tax.

2. OPT program and its extension is not a threat to US citizens in job market. On the contrary, it helps keep the jobs in US, which is beneficial to the US.
The proposal has clearly stated its protection to US workers and has clarified that international students are not lower paid labors. International students are taking the jobs that most Americans are not willing to take. If no one takes these jobs, it is highly possible that these jobs will be taken by the foreign branches of international companies or outsourced to other country - both of them are the real lower paid labors. Those lower paid labors will not spend their income in US and hence no new job opportunities are created and it will be a great loss to the US economy. 

3. OPT program and its extension is key to keep US universities competitive
There are a lot of distinguished universities outside US. For example, UK has Oxford, Cambridge; Canada has UBC, UToronto. One of the advantages US have over other countries is the OPT program and its extension. The OPT program and its extension provide a valuable
opportunity to train the students in companies. In this case, when the students go back to their home country, this training will be treated as work experience and this will make them competitive. Without OPT program and its extension, US will be constantly losing international students to other country.

4. OPT ext