I have seen some negative comments and I would like to address them one by one:

1. There is no evidence that the STEM is the tool for the IT companies to access lower wage workers. You have to understand that companies would have more expenses in order to hire people working on OPT/STEM/H1B, such as hiring lawyers, filing expensive applications, and also having a risk of losing the international employee if work visa/permit expires. BECAUSE of these additional expenses and risks, companies would pay less to people with OPT/STEM/H1B, compared to local people. AND this is why when two job candidates who have the same skill sets, it's always the local person who is preferred for the position. 
AND people have to understand about the hiring process. Companies first post positions with a salary, then interview all candidates, and then give out offers to qualified people, then the candidate can negotiate for a higher salary. (The company can't force down the salary when an offer is provided) Thus, companies would give an offer to an international candidate because he is qualified, not because the company can hire him cheap (because salary is negotiated after giving out the offer).

2. OPT STEM would not hurt local workers. Why would the company go through all these trouble to hire international software engineers? because they can't hire enough local software engineers. Even without the OPT STEM, companies won't hire local people who don't know how to code and train them to be software engineers. But in the meantime, think about how OPT STEM would increase more local jobs. More lawyers are needed. More immigrants and foreigners will come to USA, and they need to eat, live, buy stuff, commodities, right? That's more jobs needed to accommodate them in USA.

3.People need to understand OPT STEM is only for people who has a master or doctor degree in the math, engineering, and technology field. People in STEM would not steal an average American job. People in OPT STEM would 