Xingfan Huang The proposed STEM OPT extension will benefit universities and companies in the US and also the US economy itself. 
Currently the percentage of international students in universities is usually above 10%. The undergraduate international population usually pay full tuition to attend college and thus is supporting many universities financially. The STEM international students, both from the undergraduate and graduate levels, have contributed to the progress of many research projects, patents and startups in the US, potentially improving humanity as a whole and creating many job opportunities. The presence of international students in the university communities is essential as at the core of the university education is the openness to different cultures, beliefs and fields of expertise. Students learn from each other just as much or even more than from classes. The United Stated has been able to attract the most talented people, especially scientists because of it provides them with most potential to develop. The OPT is a vital period of time for young professionals to learn and practice their learning and apply their knowledge to create value in the US. With the OPT extension, the programs in the US will be able to attract the most talented students, creating value both within the university communities and in the american society as a whole.
For American companies in the STEM field, the OPT extension will also be beneficial. STEM companies/labs are currently in the lack of fitted employees as science and technology continues to develop and the economy recovers from the recess. The establishment of a longer OPT period will help overcome such shortage in labor as more students are attracted to the US to study STEM and students can stay in employment for a longer period of time. The STEM usually require a long period of time spent on a single task by the nature of STEM. To publish a paper, to create a patent or to start a tech startup usually take months if not years of hard work. Without the extension, many projects will have to be left unattended or be passed to a different team, which reduces efficiency and increases development cost. It would also not be cost effective for a company to lose their employee after a single year after they spend the money and effort to train them. In general, a longer employment is more cost effective for companies.
Many opposing comments mention that they believe the STEM OPT extension will decrease employment opportunities of American citizens and thus bring negative impact on the US job market. I would argue that this is not the case since the extension only influences STEM international students and the STEM field is not the source of unemployment for the unemployment in the US. As a matter of fact, STEM jobs are increasing and demand of labor is exceeding the supply. 
Concern has also been expressed regarding immigration. OPT extension will not increase immigration. Immigration is only possible when an international worker acquires a H1B visa, and the number of H1B visa is independent of the OPT length. 
According to NAFSA, international students in the US have spent 26.8 billion dollars in the past year and have created over 340,000 job opportunities. Their work in the STEM field have developed into uncountable papers, patents, and the establishment of numerous startups and companies. The STEM OPT extension will help attract the most talented to the US and provide them the opportunity to contribute as they learn and practice.
