Jiameng Song I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the new 24 month-extension of STEM OPT. 

It is unjust, shortsighted and against the interest of American people to deprive international students' legal right to work in US after graduation simply because they are not citizens. 

International students are making huge contributions to this country. Immigrant-founded Fortune 500 companies employed 3.6 million workers around the world in 2011 and were responsible for more than $1.7 trillion in revenues in 2010, according to the Partnership For A New American Economy (http://www.renewoureconomy.org/sites/all/themes/pnae/img/new-american-fortune-500-june-2011.pdf). Most international students work in scientific and technology, and many of them are among the best in their fields. STEM are fields critical for the US to ace at in order to continue its leadership in the world. 

These high-skilled international students have so many choices of where to study and where to work and devote. Countries such as Canada, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia, Malaysia, Taiwan, and China are actively instituting new strategies to attract international students. Why US? A long term of OPT period which providing more practice time is one of the key factors. US will be much less attractive for international students if the OPT extension rule cannot stay intact. 

For example, Canada also recognizes that educational institutions need international students to compete in the global race for research talent. In April, 2008, Canada modified its Post-Graduation Work Permit Program to allow international students who have graduated from a recognized Canadian post-secondary institution to stay and gain valuable post-graduate work experience for a period equal to the length of the student's study program, up to a maximum of three years, with no restrictions on type of employment. This change resulted in a 64% increase in the number of post-graduation work permits issued to international students in 2008. By 2014, the number of international students in the program more than doubled its 2008 total. In addition, Canada aims to double the number of international students in the country to 450,000 by 2022.

Rejecting international students would gain US a short-term, illusive relief that there might be temporarily fewer competitors in the job market. However, this short-term satisfaction would be at the cost of long-term benefits of American people and would cause the US to lose ground to the countries that welcome these students. STEM students go back to their country or go to other welcoming countries if rejected by the US. They will devote to scientific research, entrepreneurship, public policy and other fields that empower and create jobs for the country they serve for. Brain is power and it is a great loss to drive highly educated brains to other countries. 

Besides, international students have historically made significant contributions to the economic of United States, both through the payment of tuition and other expenditures in the U.S. economy, as well as by significantly enhancing academic discourse and cultural exchange on campuses throughout the United States. According to statistics compiled by the Association of International Educators (NAFSA), foreign students made a net contribution of $26.8 billion to the U.S. economy in the 2013-2014 academic year. This contribution included tuition ($19.8 billion) and living expenses for self and family ($16.7 billion), after adjusting for U.S. financial support ($9.7 billion). And public colleges and universities particularly benefit from the payment of tuition by foreign students, especially in comparison to the tuition paid by in-state students.

Many opponents of expanding the period of OPT seek to pit native-born workers against their foreign-born colleagues. But, in fact, workers do not compete against each other for a fixed number of jobs. The United States has created a dynamic and powerful economy, and immigrants of all types and skills, from every corner of the globe, have worked with native-born workers to build it. Skilled immigrants contributions to the U.S. economy help create new jobs and new opportunities for economic expansion. Indeed, foreign-born students who graduate with an advanced degree in STEM fields from U.S. universities positively impact the U.S. economy and employment opportunities of native-born workers.

To sum up, I strongly urge you to support the U.S. economy by implementing this new rule by February 12, 2016. Thank you for your consideration, time, and support in this matter.
