Please read if you believe OPT STEM extension is detrimental to the USA. It is a myth and it is false and here is why.

OPT STEM extension is tremendously beneficial to the US economy, US citizens and, of course, international students who have received higher education in STEM in the US.

Firstly, this one claim that US trained foreign-born STEM students are replacing native-born US citizens is completely false.

STEM fields overall have very low unemployment rate. Some STEM fields have literally no unemployment (below 1%). US STEM workers as a whole are not losing jobs. In fact, on the contrary, US employers are having a hard time filling STEM job vacancies. US colleges and universities are simply not producing enough STEM graduates to keep up with the growth of STEM industries. (Source: http://www.renewoureconomy.org/research/help-wanted-the-role-of-foreign-workers-in-the-innovation-economy/)

US trained foreign-born STEM workers come to the rescue. They help fill the gap between the high demand of the industry and the supply shortage from higher education. Without their contribution, the gap will be much wider and the economy will not grow as fast, which means fewer jobs will be created. Research shows that for each high skill STEM foreign worker hired in the US, more than two jobs for US citizens will be created. US trained foreign-born STEM workers complement native-born STEM workers, not replacing them.

Furthermore, US trained foreign-born STEM workers are not driving the wage low. They are paid on par with their US counterparts. Most STEM jobs on average are paid much higher than the national average for all jobs.

The OPT STEM extension prevents the US economy from losing talents trained in some of the worlds best higher education institutions. These talents are much needed for the No.1 economy in the world to remain on top. As the economy grows, more jobs will be created, living standards will continue to improve. Everyone who lives in this economy will b