This is Awesome.

But USCIS and DHS should take/consider my comment very seriously.

Both agencies should not give OPT or OPT EXT to every one who just completes their study and work for Fake companies with fake experience.

I see lot of international students working as consultants with fake experience to the clients.
if a student gets a job in E-Verify company, he should work for that company but he shouldn't outsourced to other clients

for example, A student graduated with masters degree in computer science and he joins in some consultancy( who finds a job for him with fake resume and fake experience).
So these consultancy companies are E-Verified( I dont know how they are E-Verifies)

They run fake payroll to that student with fake job and put his fake resume in market to clients like flagstar bank, bank of america, scotrade, wellsfargo and many other US companies.

so these US based companies took those students considering their experience in fake resume. 

You must be wondering how these students clear interviews with fake expericence( they dont attened interview , someone take his interview call through phone , if its skype, people pretend infront of camera and someone answers all questions, they call this process as proxy)

You guys should take serious action on this consultancy companies and get rid of those completely...

OPT is designed to student who are high skills and get job after their masters. US companies need them , but not for people who just complete MS and work for fake consultancy companies with fake experience..

If you want I can get you all these consultancy names, address and phone numbers.

you know whats going on in reality.. people are coming to United states and completes their masters in some easy school (there are lot of easy schools who gives CPT on first day of school and give degree for money) and get OPT work authorization and work for US clients with fake experience by joining in consultancy companies...

every year H1b peteti