I strongly support this new ruling for the following reasons.

1. America is never a country who expel talented people, that's why we are prosperous over so many years. Those young students have received good education here in the states, we should help them stay here keep providing value to our industry instead of going back make contribution to their own country like China and India.

2. We should never afraid of competition, any sort of protection is illusive. We should think more of how to provide better education to our kids instead of just expel kids from other country, that's just a false sense of comfort, we are living in a century full of competition, we can't escape from reality. 

3. Also, as I know, the job that allowed to use OPT extension are all STEM related which requires higher education. We don't have enough people who are capable to do those work instead of too many. I live in silicon valley, from what I know, many company can't find enough US citizen who got the required skill and knowledge even if they prefer to hire them. 

4. International students are making huge contributions to our country. Immigrant-founded Fortune 500 companies employed 3.6 million workers around the world in 2011 and were responsible for more than $1.7 trillion in revenues in 2010, according to the Partnership For A New American Economy (http://www.renewoureconomy.org/sites/all/themes/pnae/img/new-american-fortune-500-june-2011.pdf). Most international students work in scientific and technology, and many of them are among the best in their fields. STEM are fields critical for the US to ace at in order to continue its leadership in the world. Each year, h1b holders pay more than 27%, and often more than 30% of their salary to the federal, and even more to the federal and the state. This money is used in increasing the medical and other welfare of American people. 

American people are wise enough not to harm our long-term benefits by irrational fear and temporary, illusiv