Please see the attached file for the comment, formatted for easier reading.
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
(For easier access, I have also pasted the comments here, though less readable than in the attached file.) I firmly support this proposed rule, as it can create more domestic jobs, and promotes gender and race equality in STEM fields. Reason 1: It can create more domestic jobs. Without the OPT extension, F-1 students have a max of 12 months to practice their ideas, which hardly gives them time to even get a startup company over the incubation period [Reference 1, "The Funding primer: How a start-up moves from incubation to IPO"]. This 12-month time constraint highly discourages/forbids F-1 students from starting their own company. However with the additional 24-month extension, a total of 36 months (i.e. three years) seems to be a much feasible timeframe for the enthusiastic F-1 students (who usually start to form their ideas before graduation) to bring their startups to potentially pass the initial Series of funding, and therefore creates more domestic jobs [Reference 2, "Supporting Small Businesses and Creating Jobs"]. And even if they fail to bring their startups all the way to IPO, the process of starting a company already create domestic jobs, and generates revenue for other businesses (e.g. through renting office space).
Reason 2: It will help to promote gender and race equality in STEM fields. Various studies have pointed out the large gender and race gap in STEM fields [Reference 3, "Women in STEM: A Gender Gap to Innovation"]. In addition, multiple studies haven shown that "A higher percentage of female and minority STEM field graduate students positively impacts on the persistence of female and minority students" [Reference 4, "Persistence of women and minorities in STEM field majors"]. So to bring up the self-sustainable cycle that attracts more minority students into the STEM fields, we need the se