I strongly support the extension of OPT, because this is a policy that strongly benefits the whole American technical industry, even its long leading position in the world. I don't think the decision makers should be kidnapped simply by the so called employment rate of technical native workers. Once OPT is limited within 12 month without extension, the huge amount of STEM students will reconsider whether it is worthy to pay high tuition and living expenses to study in America without a long enough time to practice their skills learned here. There are many negative results of this. 

The first and most direct is economy impact. Huge amount of international students generate a huge amount of GDP by paying tuition, renting and daily expenses, which also support the employment of related areas. It is so hard to deny that once the number of international students decrease, the employment rate of these areas won't be affected. 

Secondly, the whole technical industry will definitely face a severe shortage of talented young technical workers with good education looking for entry level job without too high salary requirement. We all know that young talents are the treasure of tech firms, they are creative, energetic and most importantly, they won't cost too much of tech firms to hire them. So once they are gone due to the policy change, tech firms will have to raise their cost to compete for the native technical workers. On the other hand, native students and technical workers may not study and work as hard as before. As we know, the pressure of getting hired is one of the motivation that students and young workers fighting. The decrease of STEM students will also decrease their pressure because it will be much easier to find a technical job once the competition becomes much less severe. So the firms pay more than before and end up hiring workers not skilled as before. Is this a problem? Without any doubt, in the long run the leading technical firms in America will see the 