As a STEM major professor, I strongly OBJECT this proposal. My intention does not focus on any competition between US citizen and foreign workforce, but stability of the world. 

1) US have been struggling to deal with multiple political confliction in middle east and Asia. Some countries arose in past decades rapidly, weakening US power and control ability. In other words, if there is another country emerge and compete with US, the world would be in chaos. Our efective foregn policy has proven success against China continous growing. But it is very dangerous for us to overlook India's unbelievable growth (10% GDP growth over last decade). Those emerging economic systems benefit from their annually 6,500,000 F-1 Students who broght cutting edge tech to their country eventually. Our tax payer should not pay for this potential unstabilities of the world, even future wars. Especially, STEM student undermines our God Blessed America more than any other non-STEM student. They are penetrating military facilities, technology companies. Passing this proposal equals weakening US. Don't do it!

2) Domestically, we are getting recovery steadyly and slowly. Enormous well trained US citizen are struggling to find a job. Top 500 fortune companies confused government to replace F-1 foreigners over US citizens for inhumanity reason, like reduce labor cost, lower salary for same position, squeezing F-1 employee's workforce. But it eventually push back US Citizen employees and insecure their employment. From government's perspective, this situatiom will provocate unemployed US Citizens who will lead to increasing criminal rate. So please terminate any type of OPT or OPT extension policy, for god sak.

All in all, this policy, if validated, will DEMAGE our economy, our society stability and the world controling by th God Blessed Country. I behave on well educated American and professors in Universities to propose that "do not pass any policy for foreigners over US citizens. I miss the