In James A. Michener's novel Hawaii, he laid out a grand backdrop of Chinese and Japanese migrants traveling thousands of miles to work and seek their fortunes in Hawaii.

But before the author devotes considerable chapter to that, he recounted the Polynesians who first settled there, and how their hard work transformed the volcanic ashes into a thriving commercial port to be annexed into the United States.

The history of our country itself follows that pattern precisely. Technically, we are all immigrants rather than natives, and our hard work coupled with a dose of cosmopolitan tolerance that characterizes our nation made it what it is today. Every time I work with newcomers, of whom thousands are of Chinese and Japanese extraction, James Michener's Hawaii springs to mind. My students, particularly those from these two countries, are exceptional: they speak excellent English, and they go out of their ways to assimilate and acclimate. When they do graduate and get employment for 3 years, they generally end up contributing a fortune to the local economy. If they were allow a full 3-year stint prescribed by this proposal in question (no pun intended), each one of them will inject at least $30,000 into our fisk - try multiplying that by 4,000 (# intl. students at my university alone).

Sure, the bickering over job-stealing and welfare-splitting springs eternal. However, it is worth remembering the quality and nature of the jobs themselves outta be factored into the equation. Immigrants generally occupy lower rungs and more menial posts, be it auditing, analyst or things of that ilk. My students mostly feed local legal services. Their hard work allows us to focus on more important issues that galvanize the economy and technical base. Absent the dedication from immigrants, our country will grind to a halt.

It's time to 1) carry forward our proud tradition of cosmopolitan tolerance; and 2) start factoring consequence of our actions into our decision models.

God bless 