Qiuhe Zhao To Whom It May Concern,

I am an international student from China and I graduated from college last December. I am currently in my STEM OPT extension period and will be influenced if the rule gets canceled.
As far as I am concerned, the biggest issue for the STEM OPT Extension is that it may take away the job opportunities from American. However, I don't think it is the case. 
Nowadays, if you have any job application experience, you might notice that many companies will ask you if you need any sponsorship at present or in the future, which implies that the company takes your legal status into their consideration. From an employer standing point, the lower the employee turn-over rate is, the more stable and profitable the company is going to be. For sure, employer will give preference to American workers, since they are more stable than international students and the employer doesn't need to go through the messy legal process and handle the uncertainty related to the lottery. From my personal experience, I applied for an internship position with a local company. Luckily, I got a phone interview with the HR, but it is the quickest interview I have ever had. The only question he asked is that whether I am a citizen. After I said no, he hung up the call immediately without any explanation. I didn't make any mistake in the short phone interview, but I got a rejection only because of my legal status. Many of my international friends had the same experiences. Comparing to our American classmates, we have far less opportunities and freedom to find a job or even get an internship experience. Believe or not, if you make two identical job applications which will be equally qualified for a certain position, but one as an American worker and the other as an international worker, the American applicant will have a much higher chance to get an interview and receive the position than the international applicant. As such, it is hard to say that the STEM students take the job opportunities away from American workers, if the American workers are as qualified as the STEM students for some certain positions.
Some people may argue that by hiring a STEM student, it will provide the employer with some tax benefit, but this benefit is not going to be available once the STEM students receive the working visa and it is really immaterial for many companies. For example, my current employer does not even know this benefit until I requested a social security return. Additionally, since most STEM students will require the company to sponsor the working visa, it is reasonable to take the visa application cost into consideration, which will range from 5,000 dollars to 10,000 dollars including all the application fees and necessary legal assistance from layers. This cost will definitely offset the tax benefit the company will get by hiring an international student. Even if the company decides to make the investment here, it wont guarantee that they will be able to keep the international student with them. The only reason why they would prefer to spend the money and take the risk is because that they are unable to find a qualified American worker for the position. I am a financial analyst in a local company and my major job responsibility is to make reasonable predictions to the companys future sales, which requires an adequate understanding of both business and statistics. As a statistics major together with some business background, I helped the company increase their prediction accuracy by couple million dollars for each individual production lines. The accurate sales predictions allow the company operates in a much more efficient way. I graduated from a local college near the company, and there was only one statistics student who graduated together with me. My American classmate had a focus on English and she did not have any background or classes in business at all. If there were more American students who could graduate with a statistics major and compete with me, I probably would not be able to get the position. Even at present, there is still a high demand for statistics majors in local companies and sometimes companies need to hire international students because there is no qualified American worker available. Therefore, it is not fair to say that the STEM students take the job opportunities away from American workers.
As discussed above, it is not hard to see that the company will definitely give a preference to American workers if they are as qualified as the international students. It is unfair to say that the STEM students take the job opportunities away from American workers who may not be qualified for the job opportunities themselves. I understand that some people may argue that this only my own experience, but if they have a better understanding of the real job market and all the challenges, limitations, and discrimination which the international students are facing to, they will accept my opinions. 
