Guan Wang I completely support the new STEM OPT extension proposal. The reasons are as following.

1. A 3-5 year OPT is an important part for a STEM education program. 
STEM fields strongly emphasize on hand-on technologies, which you cant obtain without real working experience. So OPT is a crucial part of an education program in STEM fields. But an OPT of only 1 year is obviously too short. Taking my example, after 1 years OPT, I finally have some ideas about what the industry is doing and begin to do meaningful things. I believe I need another 2-4 years OPT time to let myself survive in the job market.

2. A long OPT leads to huge education income for the United States.
If the universities offer STEM programs with a long OPT, worldwide students will be attracted to do their education in U.S. The universities will make unimaginably huge income.

3. U.S. employers save significant cost by hiring OPT students if OPT duration is 3-5 years.
OPT students care more about experience than salary, so they are more willing to work at a relatively low salary. And OPT students are usually young, energetic and eager to contribute. So employers get more output at lower cost by hiring OPT students. But it takes time and money to train a new employee before the employee can contribute back. If OPT students can only work for 1 year, the employers end up losing money. However, if OPT students can work for 3-5 years, the employer end up making a lot of money.

4. A long OPT helps the United States to develop STEM fields.
U.S. is running short of working force in STEM fields which every other country is strongly pushing. In order to keep U.S. leadership in high technologies, the shortage of working force must be solved. OPT students are perfect solution to the shortage, so why not extend OPT to make the solution even more perfect.

There are some common untrue myths that I must correct.

1. OPT extension wont lead to more immigrants into the U.S.
The number of employment based immigrants is limited by H1B seats. Each year, only 85K H1B seats are available. If the number of the seats doesnt increase, the number of immigrants wont increase.

2. OPT students wont rob jobs of American people.
STEM fields lack of working force. OPT students only fill the shortage. And the jobs of American people are still secure. Plus that OPT students can only work in their majors, meaning STEM students can only work in STEM fields. So OPT extension wont have any effect on the jobs outside STEM fields.

In summary, STEM OPT extension brings no harm but tremendous benefits to the United States. Based on my experience, 2 year extension is still not enough and 4 year extension is reasonable.
