As the history of 20th century has shown, the country who can keep the best scientists will be the leader of the world. Had Hitler not exiled all the Jewish scientists, including people like Albert Einstein, nuclear bomb will probably not be first born in US. And the fate of the 20th century will change. Likewise, had USSR kept all his scientists happily working, the cold war might last longer. The success of US in the last century are mainly due to his leading position of science and technology. Imagine if integrated circuit, genetic engineering and many other technologies nowadays shaped the world were not invented in US, will US still be able to lead the world?

Foreign students came to US for higher education are smart, self-driven and well-trained in Maths and Engineering. They come to US to pursue a better life, a successful career, a chance to contribute to the knowledge of humankind and solve the challenges of the world. At the same time, US benefit from these people on technology and economy. This is a win-win relationship. Many foreign students who later stayed in US have had very successful careers, especially in the area of high tech. The current CEO of Google, Sundar Pichai (originally from India) was a student at Stanford University. Elon Musk (originally from South Africa), who is the founder of Paypal, Tesla, and SpaceX, was a student at U Penn. When they graduated from school, they probably benefited from the OPT process just like everybody else. For all the people who claims that foreign students occupied their jobs, please take a look at how many jobs Elon Musk has created for US. 

Students who are seeking for OPT and later H1B are not competing with Americans. On the contrary, they are helping US retain its leadership and grow its economy. I myself came to US in 2010 to pursue Ph.D degree in Geoscience. I was supported by a research assistantship to complete my study. Many of my peers at graduate school were in the same situation. In many depart