Hi Harikrishnan,
If you had little bit of common sense you must have understood from my comments that I am not against the OPT rule or against any legitimate students who wish to receive a degree from USA and get a work experience. But I am against someone who wants to stay here permanently after their short term practical experience. If every engineer from India wants to come here and stay here permanently then this room will be full in no time. Besides that this OPT extension rule is created by corporate money sharks who wants to destroy employee benefits and run their business by paying peanuts to technology workers. We will not allow it and we don't want that to happen. This is something we need to fix to protect the US worker's interests. Because United States of America has to give priority to its workers who build this nation. Have to protect the pensioners who contributed a lot to this society. Our government has to make strong laws to protect frauds from countries like India, China, Mexico to claim jobs by faking resumes and creating fake experiences. Current laws formulated by DHS is not even enough to trap such impostors and fraudsters let alone punish them. If DHS is trying to favor Indian students/foreign students this law will be thrown out anytime in the court next year. DHS clearly know about this as well. So my comments are not about all Indian students but about majority of them.You were talking about the TOEFL/IELTS scores and competency in English. Competency in English is not judged by the marks you score in those exams because Indian students are well known to cheat those exams. Especially it is well known to you as well that American consulate stopped accepting student visa applications from candidates in Hyderabad in the state of andhra pradesh due to widespread cheating in TOEFL exams. You guys pay ton loads of money you don't have and appoint proxies to attend these exams and show your great marks to visa officers to impress them and get vi