Dear Sir or Madam,
I strongly SUPPORT this proposal. Extending the OPT for the F1 student is very necessary and should be in action ASAP. I will explain the reason in the following directions. 
1) Depriving international students' legal right to work in US after graduation simply because they are not citizens is totally unjust and against the spirit of the human equality. From this single point, it is already enough to claim the importance of this proposal. Not to mention that international students paid tuitions, brought diversities and contributed their intelligence to the universities and communities. Yes, people might say these students get their knowledge back as return. However, they ignore the fact that the practical training is also a crucial part of "knowledge" that they should be acquire as well in the whole process. Students can never gain real knowledge without proper training, where the places they will end up being or came from won't be able to provide. In such case, OPT, as a part of knowledge, should be in action as a true completion of the study.
2) Despite the ethical necessity, it is a physical win-win strategy in both long term and short term. 
In the long term, as the increasing internationality of all kind, the key point for increasing the job opportunity for US citizen is not to simply hire more, but to keep the job sources alive! In such circumstances, our companies need to gather the forces from all over the world, which is already the case in competitors from outside the US, to keep them competitive. Tis will in turn maintains a considerable job opportunities to the public, of course, including US citizen. This is the true solution for both companies and communities. The extension of OPT is such an strong support to guarantee the source of this internationality. 
In the short term, which might be the part that most people who against the proposal might concern about, is also of great beneficial. For example, I have a lot of friends use thei