Yi Shi I want to comment on some opposing arguments presented by Lawyer John Miano who brought the lawsuit and led the fight to dismantle the OPT program:
1)"The OPT program runs contrary to the purpose of non-immigrant student visas":
it is true that a lot of foreign students on OPT or OPT extension transfer their visa status from F1 to H1b.
However, this observation cannot be applied universally because there are also a lot of foreign students go
back to their home country after they complete OPT.

2) "A longer OPT period is viewed as a means to give more chances to apply for an
H-1B visa that in turn allows applying for immigrant status" and "The volume of such comments showing
that aliens come to the United States intending to violate their student visa attestation that they intend to
return home should cause DHS to reevaluate the wisdom of allowing work after graduation".

There are four problems in your argument:
Firstly, it is true that students on F1 visa should come to US to study rather than work or become an
immigrant. However, most students on F1 visa do not work when they attend school. They only work
after they graduate and they find a job from a company that is willing to recruit foreign students.
Therefore, it is wrong to say that "foreign students violate their student visa attestation".

Secondly, there is no law that prohibits students from transferring visa status from F1 to other categories.
You have no authority to deprive students of their right of pursing their career in the United States if they
have an opportunity.

Thirdly, even if students on OPT extension transfer to H1b visa, it does not mean they are for
immigration purpose. You are an expert in legal matter. You should know H1b alone cannot convert a
foreigner into a permanent resident or US citizen. Immigration can only be done if the company is willing
to sponsor H1b holders via eb2 or eb3. Given the long queue of eb2 and eb3, not every company is
willing to do it. You cannot draw one conclusion and apply it to every case.

Final point: it is true that some foreign students do go through the pathway of OPT-H1b-eb2/eb3-green
card-immigrant pathway. However should the US welcome young and talented people with high
education to become immigrants? They are not illegals and they are contributing to the United States of
America.
