I totally support the STEM OPT 24 months rule. Here are my reasons:

1. OPT and especially STEM OPT was one of the greatest driven force for me to apply to the graduate programs in US instead of anywhere else. 

I can imagine a lot of international students, especially STEM majored students turn to other countries for furthur study if the STEM OPT rule got cancelled. It is that simple, if there's no posibilities to gain working experience after graduation, a US degree is not necessarily competitive anymore after we go back to our home country. So there would be no point of coming to US to pursue an advanced degree anymore. In that case, a lot of laboratories and research organizations rely on graduate students will loose a lot of good resources since there will be less candidates to choose from. Which will definitely influnce research progress.

2. There are tens or even hundreds of thousands of international students working in the states with STEM OPT. If the rule was denied, all the hard core technoligy firm will be the first to take a hit. They will loose a great amount of highly educated manpower in one day. And recruiting to fill the position and get new hires up to speed is definitely going to slow down their businesses. And we are talking about a LOT OF high technology companies. And that will absolutly hurt US's economy.

3. US is an immigration country. It benefits from their immigration policies so much and now it is at the top of the world. The beauty of the immigration policies is that you get to select from all the great candidates from all over the world. Competition like that raises the quality of candidates that eventually get to work in the states. And US can only benefit from it.

4. To turn away highly educated international students back to their country without using them to contribute to US, does not make sense to me. Especially when a lot of international students get to study here with the help of scholoships, financial assistant, working fo