I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.I definitely support the above proposal with the below considerations.

First, it is my belief that the primary purpose of higher education isand should bethe creation of prepared minds for academic innovation and economic prosperity. With an extended practical training session, international students could have a chance to get this experiential learning to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in a professional setting. 
Furthermore, the majority of the students with STEM degree works for US Fortune 500 tech companies after graduation ans has contributed their efforts to the US economy, especially the recovery from 2008-2009 recession. As we can see, companies like Google, Facebook, Oracle, etc are leading the innovation and driving the economic value of technology. Without foreign workers, this could not be achieved in such a fast pace. 

On top of that, the duration of the STEM Extension should be 24 Months in order to be a meaningful learning experience. This will allow international students to support key long-term corporate projects and add more value to the company.

Many opponents of expanding the period of OPT seek to pit native-born workers against their foreign-born colleagues. But, in fact, workers do not compete against each other for a fixed number of jobs. The United States has created a dynamic and powerful economy, and immigrants of all types and skills, from every corner of the globe, have worked with native-born workers to build it. Skilled immigrants contributions to the U.S. economy help create new jobs and new opportunities for economic expansion. Indeed, foreign-born students who graduate with an