As an US citizen, I strongly support this plan.

A few years back, I was an international student who's pursuing my dream. And now, I am a citizen of this country. I fully understand what a great impact this could make to this nation. It all relates to what makes US the greatest nation I ever know. Let me ask a few questions, does any of you who left negative comments here remember how did we build this country? How many times did we see great immigrants, no matter it's scientists, economists or politicians, make decent contribution to our country? We made the best use of this great immigration resource, and we should surely keep this tradition.

I saw some negative comments claiming that international students are taking jobs from natives, which makes non-sense. I don't know where those data comes from. Our economy is balancing back these years, job opportunities are increasing dramatically, which cannot fully filled up by US citizens, that's when international students should come in to help us out. And according to my personal experience, it's definitely not easy for international students to find a job here, companies still prefer natives than foreigners. There's not even any doubt about this. Why would they hire anyone who is at the risk of losing their legal status at any time? What's the benefit they can get out of this? You think companies are out of their mind? Especially under the circumstances that it's harder and harder to get H1B in recent years. I cannot even I imagine what a disaster this could be if OPT program is cancelled!! International students are making their contribution, let them stay!

Another benefit for US if we extend the OPT program. That is, more and more international students will come here, bring more energy to this land and more economic contribution. I did my graduate degree in Indiana and witnessed the whole process of changing. As the local universities taking more international students, the local economy was reborn. The small t