Dear federal agency,

I am commenting here to support the new STEM extension for all eligible F-1 Students. There is no doubt that F-1 students with STEM degrees have made great contributions to the US economy especially in the areas of technology and science. For the past couple years, international students with STEM degrees have become an indispensable work force in most technology companies and have helped with the industry advancement through innovation and hardworking. With an extended OPT, these international students will have higher chance to contribute to the companies and therefore push the whole US economy to a new level. On the other hand if the extension is revoked, those F-1 students will have to leave the country and the companies they are working for will lose a huge amount of talents. The impact is indeed significant that we can not simply neglect. Also having them going back to their own countries will waste all the education resources U.S have provided them through their undergraduate or graduate years. This outflow of talents will definitely decrease our competence and contribute to their home country's overall growth. 

In addition, having international students work in the country will cultivate a diversified environment which enhances the exchange and innovation of ideas. It will also bring different perspectives to discussions that helps to achieve an optimal solution.

One concern that people may have against the extension is that, with more and more international students looking for jobs in the States, it increases the competition for the local residents to be employed. This is a real concern in the past couple years during post financial crisis period. However, as U.S economy recovered and with unemployment rate dropping to 5%, the lowest in 7 years, U.S markets nowadays definitely have the capacity to provide more jobs and thus keeping international students working in the country will not be a threat to the local residents. 

Therefore