I think OPT extension is very important not only for international students, but also for economy of America. I strongly support the OPT extension.

1. The reason now there are a lot of international students(especially STEM students) in America is that they can take advantage of OPT extension to intern in USA for 29 months in total. Why this is important? We all know that industrial experience is very important for finding a job all over the world. Most international students hope to get the first hand experience right after graduation so that they can go back to home country and find a good job. Then why do STEM students need this extension? Most of the STEM projects are 2-4 years long. One year of experience is not enough for a project. So if the extension is canceled, then studying in American is no longer more attractive than studying in other countries. Less international students will choose to study in USA. Also, with only 1 year OPT, company has to find other people to continue the project, which will consume more and not easy to find. Then it will have a bad impact on the operation of the company. If less students come, the academic sectors will lose lots of talented people

2. International students help to boost the economy. Many landlord rent their house/apartment to international students because domestic will always choose to stay at home and commute. If less international students come, landlord will lose this income.

3.If the opt extension is canceled, what should the people already in extension do? what should their companies do? Everything is going all right but all of a sudden, tons of international students have to leave their work and the America economy will be impacted heavily.

4. Competition do exists, but it does not mean that international students take over what should belong to US citizens. Not many US citizens like to work/learn in STEMS area. And just because of these international students, the science in American is the top all ove