As a prospective international student from China studying in engineering, the OPT will be an important factor for me to choose graduate schools. Comparing with studying in the US:
1. Hong Kong promises, without any provisions, international postgraduate students in STEM WORK visas immediately after they get their degrees. The one-year long work visa, which can be extended as long as you find a STEM related job, guarantees your legal stay in Hong Kong even if your are UNEMPLOYED.
2. And Hong Kong is a competitive choice because its low education fees(less than half that of the US), high salaries, cultural similarities and proximity to mainland China.
3. German and France provide free post secondary education to all students, including international, and they also provide programs taught in English. Their educations are of high qualities and low cost.
4. Singapore, the UK are also competitive destinations if the OPT in the US is entailed to just 12 months.
The extension of OPT is an important factor for me to consider when choosing graduate schools, because graduate education in the US is the most expensive one in the world, if I can't get well trained in those STEM companies, your graduate schools will be definitely less attractive. And a 12-months work is certainly TOO SHORT, even too short to complete a single project. And I think my case applies to many other Chinese students.
I don't think our existence in the US will detriment your prosperity nor do harm to your people:
1. I can't see any disadvantages of well educated people working for your companies, which will enhance your companies competitiveness. 
2. And legislations have already guaranteed native workers' priority in getting employed,
3. let along we are just in internship. 
4. For those complaining unemployment, they should notice that the unemployment rate of the US in Oct. 2015 is 5%, which is at the lowest point in the past ten years, even though the 12+17 OPT has existed since 2008. So, for those u