Yunteng Di This is a great proposal for both Americans and nonimmigrant students. Within this proposal, I can see American Dreams, which is the exact reason why America changes from an uncivilized land to the most prosperous country in the current world. American companies can benefit a lot from this policy, as well as millions of individuals as US citizens. The world can also see the embracing and progressive attitude of American government. Based on all the reasons above, I raise both of my hands up to support this open-minded proposal.

First of all, the reason why America is the dream country for billions of people is that it is a land of equality and opportunities. People were not judged by the color of their skin or the family where they were born. As long as you are an individual with a dream, and are willing to put effort to make it come true, you can get the life you earn and harvest the respect you deserve. Most nonimmigrant students are young people with knowledge and dreams. They come to this very country expecting to get the best knowledge and create a better world using their hands. They would definitely not come to this country if they want to be a parasite and live a good life without paying sweat for it. American people can see this positive attitude and be influenced by it, which makes the entire society better. Don't deprive people of their dreams. If a person has no dream, he has nothing.

Besides, the extension of OPT of nonimmigrant students has way more advantages to American companies and society than disadvantages. STEMs are high-tech majors and the students of these areas can contribute much more than a normal worker. In this information era, any country knows the importance of technology and talent employees. Imagine the outcome of World War 2 if Einstein is in Germany instead of America. Who can say it impossible that the next Einstein is a member of nonimmigrant students? Not only high-tech companies can benefit from this proposal, American individuals can also become better by communicating and learning from foreign students. Someone may concern about the job opportunities being taken from these students. But have they noticed that high-tech companies are always complaining about the shortage of qualified employees? If you have the skills for the position, it is never hard to find a job. The government should pay more attention to restrict illegal immigrants who take positions that require less technique from American people.

Finally, today's world is getting smaller and smaller. Conservative is almost never a positive adjective currently. The world is going forward by increasing the interactions between different cultures. America, the most developed country now, should definitely lead this trend by executing open-minded policies. Whether you accept or not, you cannot deny the fact that the world is going forward, with faster speed and more communications of different culture. For long-term consideration of the entire profit of the country, the American government must support any kind of policies that are beneficial to cultural and technical interchanges.

I can still list hundreds of reasons why government should support this OPT extension policy for STEM nonimmigrant students. But I would not waste my effort doing so because any educated people can see the benefit of this proposal. So I strongly advice government approve this great policy.
