I think it is a good thing to extend the opt extension from 17 months to 24 months, as it has many benefits for USA.
1. From perspective of Whole country.
Why US become more and more flouring, because the country have smart people from all over the world, they learn here, they contribute what they learn here. 
I know in US, each industry have people from many other countries, some of them are good at engineering, some are good at theory. Opt extension give students more time to become such skilled people, and contribute what they have to the whole country.
Also, for education, Universities are now welcome students from other countries, if the opt extension are cancelled, when students think about the choices for university, and the number of students applying for US university may decrease a lot.
When I choose University one year ago, why I choose US is because I know I can have 29 months working time here, and I can use what I learn in really industry. If it was not that, I maybe choose Leiden University in Netherland at that time.
2. From perspective of big company.
We know Google, Facebook, Microsoft, and other big companies, they have many employee who are foreigners, and these guys are skilled and good at technology. Many of them are working use OPT, if the OPT extension is cancelled, all of these companies will face big disaster. All of the skilled people will go back to China, India, and they will definitely be the competitor to US in no longer years. Maybe new Google, new Facebook, new Microsoft will appear in China, in India because these well skilled people.
3. From perspective of different filed.
I think 12+24 is a good period to finish a project. For many field, the project time period is not short, it there is only 12 month opt, many project may not be finished on time.
4. From perspective of Economy.
I am from U of I, and in my town, there are many Indian students, Chinese students, Korean student , and it really boost the economy in Champaign. Many re