I strongly SUPPORT OPT extension for STEM major students. Government should allow those students who learned the knowledge from US Universities to stay and let them to seek an opportunity to make contribution to this great country.

I see a lot of negative comments saying the extension of OPT is "Stealing jobs from americans". Those comments does not make any sense. It's a wrong understanding of this proposal. Why a government will activate an regulation to keep stealing jobs from its citizen and increase the unemployment rate?

If a company needs STEM students, they will hire them upon how many positions require them to work, on the other hand, the company is hiring who are able to work for them. I know we already have many excellent american STEM students, but that's not enough, that's why the government is seeking a opportunity to attract more STEM student to fill a large number of vacancies in many companies. Also, the international students is not "stealing jobs" by acquiring lower salary than the average, actually a company won't hire an international employee unless they really them, because it will cost more to hire them than to hire an american (international students need visa sponsorship by their company to gain a lottery chance to have a H1-B visa in order to legally work as a full-time in United States).

Imagine if there's no international STEM students in our country, Companies which need STEM employees will move or expand their work overseas (India, China, Europe, etc.) to continue hiring them. Not hiring those local applicants who are not eligible to work. Those international STEM employers are keeping contributing and creating more value to their company, giving those company chances to expand in U.S, and creating more job opportunities in this country.

The chance of get employed by a company who needs 3 software developers and the one who needs 30 software developers and 10 Java programmers. Which chance is higher? It's the math, I think everyone