Dear Sir/Madam,

As an international student who has graduated and is now working in the U.S. on my OPT, I feel highly obligated to express my opinion on this issue.

First of all, OPT is a very important part for high level education. Students who go to college and university or enroll into their master or PhD program take education seriously and eagerly expect to gain not only knowledge from in-class courses but also experience in real industry. OPT, as a novel further extension for high level education which is developed by the U.S., fully embodies the excellent education system of the U.S, and has being expected to be a more practical and complete rule by all international students who come to the U.S for high level education, not only STEM students, but also many other students in extensive majors.

Secondly, one-year OPT is totally not enough for STEM students both for timing of seeking a job and for practicing their knowledge gain from school. We all know that its hard for a newly graduated student to find a job or even internship position when he or she just comes out from school. This seeking-job period might take a student for at least 2 months or even longer. The longer the student spending on finding a job, the more stressful and frustrated they feel and the more unconfident they are in both themselves and the education system, and obviously, the shorter time they have to touch the real related professional work for their majors. OPT is great in its original purpose but if its just as short as one year, it might let the students feel its just a product of formalism and has lost its original practical meaning.

Thirdly, one-year length OPT makes companies feel reluctant to hire STEM students. Hiring an employee is a costly thing for any company and hiring a newly graduated student with little experience might be even expensive for the reason that the employer must take time and efforts to train the fresh man first and then could expect them to work in a p