To whom it may concern,

I fully agree to improve and expand Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students.
Firstly, U.S.A is widely recognized as one of the most ethnically diverse country in the world. The immigration diversity helps this country attract a lot of top talent and it is also the reason that USA is and will keep the top 1 position in all the counties of world.
All of large successful industries,(for example, the spacecraft invention, the first landing on the moon, the internet technology, even the Hollywood movie industry and so on), are supported by a large group of obscure international people from STEM majors. For example, in lots of famous internet and technology companies such as Google, Microsoft, Apple and so on, a large proportion of employees are international people. These people lead the trend of technology and make a great fortune for USA. They work hard in every industry & sector and contribute a lot to USA in their own way. They generate USA, and USA also generates them. This is why USA can continue attracting a lot of genius from world and remain its strong.
According to statistics, the technology development in science and industry of USA in recent years is really in proportion to the increase of Tech immigration and international student number. These international students study and master advanced technology skills in advanced universities of USA. Especially for those who have high level degrees, we have given them a lot of scholarship, we have spent a lot of money on them, so that we should give them more chances and let them make the most use of what they have learnt to contributes to USA. With their contribution, the technology and economy growth they produce will bring a lot of benefits. For example, more job opportunities will be created to USA. Besides, STEM students get things done, generate tax and pay social securities, which is also a kind of fiscal 