I am an international student studying in the US in the Engineering discipline. And today I just read some comments which declared that the international students are getting all the jobs in the STEM area, and the citizens cannot get any more jobs. Thus the government should prefer citizens and give them more chances to get those jobs, thus should stop the OPT extension policy and get rid of these international students by stopping the OPT policy. This is extremely ridiculous and I have to say a few words to criticize it:

1) The fact that the STEM companies are hiring international students is that they are indeed better students who know the techniques better! The company has the aim to make great products and serve the customers better, thus they want to recruit the best people. I don't believe that the companies would be happy to see the lack of good students (no matter what their nationality is). It is only when the companies find the good people can they make more contributions to the community, society and the country. 

2) The fact that so many good international students exist here will push the citizen students to study harder and gain better skills and knowledge. You can never deny the fact that it is the communication of people with diverse background that make innovations and push the envelope of technology. Think of how Greece can develop such great technology, math, political and psychology knowledge in the early days. It is because they embrace diversity and go over places in Europe to learn different knowledge, and then construct innovative ideas. 

3) If by the end of the day, the US has made the mind to stop OPT and get rid of the creative STEM students, they don't have anywhere to go but to work for other counties. It will be a disaster for the US to lose so many brilliant students and instead, send them to the competing countries (say China, India and Russia). Indeed they are very good workers, and they would contribute the same amount in the ot