My company (Cvent) regularly hires foreign nationals for technology positions and we are very much in support of the proposed new rule. First, I want to clearly state that our immigration policy encourages us to hire US citizens unless none are available to fulfill the roles we need to fill. In other words, we do not have a preference for hiring foreign nationals over US citizens, we simply cannot find enough qualified US citizens with the necessary skills to fuel our company's growth.

We have an active college intern program and like to hire interns when they finish school as we feel that it's a good way to partner with the academic community and enrich our own applicant pool. If the government does not raise the cap on H-1B visas, it is imperative that we extend the length of the STEM program. If we don't take any action, we risk losing talented employees simply because they cannot find a path to work authorization within the parameters of the existing laws. Worse, we've had several cases where employees' jobs have been disrupted due to the expiration of their STEM when they weren't picked in the lottery. We have had two such cases this year where employees were out of work for weeks at a time, while they waited to enter a master's program and come back to work for us under the CPT program. These situations take a toll on the employee and on our company as we're forced to plan around these unanticipated staffing changes. If the STEM program extended to 24 months, they would have yet another opportunity to compete for an H-1B in the lottery. I cannot emphasize enough how incredibly disruptive these breaks in employment are to all concerned. There has to be a better way.

The only other way to abate this crisis is to invest in skill training for American citizens so that we can more easily find qualified applicants on home soil. Cvent supports these initiatives too and we actively partner with local schools and vocational training programs. But our company is growi