I strongly support STEM extension. The foreigners on OPT program pay large portion of taxes to US, create more job opportunities in US and contribute to science and technology breakthroughs, bring in the diversity so that US workers know how to compete with other international companies. 

I am PhD in Physics. I use my OPT to do a postdoc research in Physics. 

In my month payslip, 27.85% is Employee Taxes. This is a large number. All the taxes I contribute as a foreigner will benefit US citizens, not for myself since foreigners dont get those social benefits. If STEM is cancelled, taxes from people like me will be lost. 

More jobs are created when I spend money in US and invite people to spend money in US. The landlord of the apartment I rent is a natural history museum staff. I pay 40.83% of my after tax salary to rent this place close to campus. The rent I paid to my landlord helps him to support his family with two elementary school twins (one boy and one girl) and a high school daughter. I also spend money in US for internet, electricity, gas, furniture, transportations, household, groceries, vocations All of these expenses generate more jobs for US workers. Whats more, my parents and friends come to US for tourism just because I am studying here. They start to give money to US from the moments they pay $160 VISA fee per person. Then they pay money for air flight, shuttles, hotels, cars, restaurants, parks, museums, tours to those big companies as well as small businesses in US. On average, each person spends $4000-$5000 in US for one week tours. It doubles when both parents come for vocation together which is the usual case. All these expenses go to the pockets of American people. The money they bring from oversea create more job opportunities for American people so it certainly boost American economy. 

OPT benefits the academy. For example, as a postdoc at Yale University, I dont take classes as student or teach courses as professors. I have more time to do