I support OPT Extension.

Surely foreigners like me will impact job market. Why? There is a market for us. Same reason you can find product from all over the world in U.S. It is FREE MARKET that diversifies, balances, improves our life and society day by day. It is FREE MARKET that give every young man who is creative and willing to work hard a chance to achieve their American Dream. It is a good thing.

Don't get me wrong. I'm not saying freedom equals to no regulation or little regulation. On the contrary, majority of international students have high GPA from top school in their country, speak 2 or more languages(need to pass TOEFL, even GRE, GMAT), pay high international tuition fully(good family financial shape). People are easily filtered by any one of these items. Not even to mention subjective characters such as independence, open mind, persistence etc. People survived and successfully graduated from U.S. college need to fight for limited positions that sponsor H1B visa. Even they are sponsored, visa lottery will turn down some again. In 2015, USCIS received about 172,500 petitions towards the H1B but cap is only 85,000. That's not the end of this story. If someone lose his job during H1B and can't not find another job within 1 month, guess what, he has to leave no matter if his family is here or has a house need to pay off.

Besides, any company can only hire at most 15% of employees as H1B holder. And OPT(optional practice training) Extension won't affect H1B cap which means the number of people who get long term work opportunity is STILL THE SAME. What OPT Extension do is only to provide an chance to let them temporarily experience the working environment of US. 

After all, I would like to thank United States of America and its people. You are the foundation of this great country. Your interest is the most important to this country. However, I would ask you to reconsider our proposal of OPT Extension. It will help society diversity, increase company compe