I am in favor of this new rule as it not only addresses all of the issues that most people have with foreign workers but also puts in place a lot of balances and checks to make sure no wrong doing happens. As a recent graduate myself this will surely help a lot of folks in the same boat as me. As for how this is beneficial, with more than 880,000 students coming over to the US for educations purposes which if not in all aspects but most of them help the universities run without closing doors(by helping them to stay and contribute) to local americans it also helps keep jobs within the US. Most americans do not realize how much deficit actually exists within the STEM field, even americans with STEM degree's do not wish to work in such fields as amount of work to money gained is less when you compare what people make on wall street or in the MBA market. 

This may be a hard truth for few to swallow but to remain ahead in the field of technology its vital that the best talent be brought here to the US and kept so as to benefit from the value they bring. With all this talk about OPT students being paid less than their american counterparts I completely disagree, in most of the cases I know its higher than the american counterparts since every student comes with a master's degree. Even if there are cases which might be the case this new rule puts into place a checking mechanism that helps eliminate the fear.

I believe its more important for america to keep the jobs in america by any means necessary rather than outsourcing the jobs to a foreign nation. These new rules on immigration help deal with those issues very precisely, as in the worst case the students being kicked out will take the american jobs nonetheless but the money will no longer be within the US it will benefit another nation. As I said before majority of the american public is unaware of what happens with actual immigration its made up horror stories like the ones parents tell their kids to behave. 

I hop