I am sided with the idea of the proposal for these reasons:

1)The proposal will drive US higher education institutes being much competitive. OPT is already known in international students as the major advantage to study in the US. Extension in OPT would attract even more foreign students to choose colleges in the US, resulting economic benefits for US education institutes. It is wise for the US policy makers to embrace the proposal when the adverse consequence of restricted OPT-like policy in the UK has been widely observed.

2)The proposal will support US communities. Education costs, especially for higher education. Higher education could be much less affordable to US students if international students are not paying much for schooling. The local community also benefits from increased involvement with international students. I based in Philadelphia and I am familiar with Temple University, a commonwealth institute that is proud of its increasing diversity. Local restaurants and cafes are happy to serve international students and numerous new rentals in the neighborhood are made thanks to these international customers.

3)The proposal helps US companies to have the power of diversity, temporarily. During their training international students are knowing better of US companies and vice versa, allowing US firms be competitive in the global economy. An extension would certainly enhance such effect as both sides will share goals in longer term. It is well embraced in human resource study that the idea of diverse workforce contributes higher productivity. 

------------------------

There are misconceptions in the comments folder that deserve to be clarified.

Some comments claim OPT students are immigrants. This is not true as OPT, or Optional Practical Training is affiliate with F-1 visa whose holders do not have immigration attitude, which was verified by the US government. 

Some comments claims international students are sabotaging US employment. This idea is unfa