"A country with no border is not a Country" "The first consideration in immigration is the welfare of the receiving nation" President Thomas Jefferson, 1801-1809
Congress passed limitations on immigration and rules for residing in the United States, in order to protect the economic interests of all U.S. workers, both immigrant and native born. "Month after month, the Administration has systemically dismantled U.S. immigration laws without evoking a word of protest from members of the President's party." J. Sessions
President Obama is determined to undermine American workers by using his executive authority to subvert them. It is well known that the L visa is riddled with abuse and this fact has been substantiated by the Dept. Of Homeland Security Office of the IG as far back as 2006. The influx of more immigrants is good for the economy, is the usual repertoire stance of President Obama and he is quick to emphasize his beliefs with one of his executive pen and phone actions. 
There are over 2 million unemployed residents of the U.S. with a bachelor's or higher STEM degree and there are about 10 million Americans with STEM degrees not working in their specialties, many of whom would return to those fields with appropriate incentives. The OPT foreign workers will displace graduating Americans who are struggling to repay massive student loans. By turning the F-1 student visas into 3 year work visas, DHS is doing an end run around Congressional limits on H-1b 3 year work visas. There are already 125,000 workers in OPT programs and over a half million potential foreign workers with F-1 visas, yet Americans who graduate are finding a stagnant job market in STEM fields. Big Tech lobbyists have spent over $ one billion seeking immigration increases, but Microsoft and Hewlett-Packard are laying off tens of thousands of employees. Congressional Democrats claim to represent American workers now is time to show whether they are the party of the American worker or the party of o