Dear Chief Westerlund:

As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in 2014 with a master degree in the field of technology innovation. I felt a lot of pressure when I heard the news about the overruling of stem extension as result of a lawsuit. It's disappointing for me because I already landed a ideal job and my company is willing to sponsor H1B but if the STEM extension is vacant next February I have to leave U.S. which I enjoy working in a lot. My company has invested many resources in me already so if they have to let me go it will be a loss for both my company and I. Thankfully, DHS shares my feeling.I was very excited to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule. I strongly support this new rule as it will not only let me keep working in this country but also have a better chance to get the H1B visa since I will be able to apply for H1B twice during the 24 month extension. 

The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Graduates.The proposal to reinstitute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. This experiential learning will allow me to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in a professional setting. STEM graduates like me should be given more opportunity to gain valuable applied experience and make connections in professional fields they are considering for career paths. The additional OPT time will provide me with more broad exposure to industries and organizations to aid in personally developing and exploring career possibilities as well as creating a professional network. These benefits also will encourage future international students to join STEM programs in the U.S. and allow U.S. companies to remain competi