I strongly agree to this new rule for stem major students. As we know, U.S is in a phase facing the great change of the world. During the last several decades, many other countries are coming to a strong developing period, like India and China. Many of their young students are studying engineering and science majors. As we know, our country is prominent for engineering and science, that's how we lead the most advanced technology.

However, since such majors require very hardworking process to achieve degree and qualify industry needs. Many of our teens, students dislike to pursue in these fields. Even for the very few amount who finally choose to study in these areas, they fear the job opportunities to be occupied by international students.

In my opinion, I believe this worry or fear is overhead. Our nation still requires endless engineering and science people to work so as to catch up and maintain our leading level in the world. So, why our kids have so many oppositions? I believe it's because they lack courage, they don't think they can do it well or even better than those international guys. We should rethink why our products, like airplane, electronic devices, medicines and so on can still have strong reputation in the world. It's because we win in the competition with other countries. This country has already made achievements for hundreds of years, from agriculture to industry, from social science to nature science. These achieved were created or are still being created by our ancestors, grandparents, parents. We believe our kids can keep making such or even bigger feat. Why right now so many of them paying so many attentions and making excuse on so-called international guys taking their opportunities rather than keeping on their study and training?

I believe in contemporary, our teens are gradually losing their courage. They don't think they can do it well in STEM related jobs. They worry they cannot do it well as their international fellow guys. They worry