I strongly support this proposed rule which can improve the integrity and value of the STEM OPT program. There are several reasons for my support. 
First, it will further enhance the academic benefit provided by STEM OPT extensions. International students gain valuable practical STEM experience that supplements knowledge gained through their academic studies, among them hundreds and thousands of elites will make significant contributions to their field of study by putting their hard learned academic knowledge into world changing ideas, tools and products. They help benefit the company they are working for, revolutionize the industry field, and grow the US economy. Their success is not just their own achievement but also a driving power to keep the US as the leading land of innovation. International students should not be assigned a tag of foreigner but a symbol of American university alumni and achievement of American higher education. 
Secondly, As the expanded STEM OPT program is a good opportunity for student to earn a functional understanding of how to apply their academic knowledge in a work setting, they will be better positioned to begin careers in their fields of study. This is one of the major reasons that American colleges and universities remain globally competitive in attracting international STEM students to study and lawfully remain in the United States. More and more hard-working talents are attracted here, this should be a very positive thing for the American society. If this STEM OPT rule is not passed, not only the American companies but also American universities will face serious problems as they become much less appealing to international student any more. 
Thirdly, many American companies often find they cannot find enough smart and skillful employees nowadays, especially in the STEM field. And qualified U.S. workers should not face the problem of finding jobs as there are more and more job opening only if American companies are growing and lea