Larry Yin I strongly support united States to extend the OPT period to 24 month. I am an international student and right now I am working in an American company. I strongly US to extend the OPT STEM period because of the following reasons.

First, the OPT STEM extension will increase United States' domestic consumption and benefits for the States' economic prosperity, not decrease or slow the economic increase. It's very obvious that if this extension is approved, more international students will be attractive to US educational, and the US economy will be promoted by the OPT students' daily life consumption, for example buying life necessities, renting houses or apartments, catering and entertainment, and tour and sightseeing. All of their expense will aggregate demands and will create more job opportunities for United States people rather than taking over their jobs. Based on NAFSA, from 2013 to 2014, international students contribute 26.8 billion dollars to Unites States economy and support over 340,000 job opportunities.

Second, United States people's job opportunities will not be decreased by the OPT STEM extension. It is because that the extension is only available to STEM which are Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics. Based on the statics of the relative Education Department, the job opportunities will be increased by 14% to 62% in these four industries. Therefore, the extension will not reduce American people's job opportunities, but also provide great labors to the STEM industries and solve their labor resource constraints. On the other hand, for those who think STEM will help international student take over their jobs. I think that is not the OPT STEM extension problem, but the lacking of competitive capacity. I think that is the key reason that companies prefer international students rather than those unemployment people. In other words, if they only rely on government to cancel the OPT STEM extension to bring less international students to the job market, rather than improving their capability and competitiveness, I am not sure whether companies will hair them even if their proposal is approved. As we all known, the earth is round, and the companies are facing the competitors all over the world. If the OPT STEM extension is cancelled, I believe US companies will loss countless talented expertise people. It is obvious not good for their business from the long term point.

One reason that makes United States becomes the greatest country in the world is the diversity of people. Therefore, I do support government approve this OPT STEM extension to 24 months to let the international talented people have more opportunities to contribute to United States. 

