OPT stem extension has greatly positive impact on U.S. development as well as development. 

First of all, the reason that DHS proposed OPT STEM extension initially in 2008 is that there is few American people want to work in STEM area. They prefer to do whatever they want or whatever they are good at. For example, finance, investment and accounting are the jobs they want to do. In this case, there are a lot of vacancies of engineering jobs because only a few American people want to apply for them. However, IT field is one of the most important parts in the U.S. economy. Those IT giant companies need someone to work for them. That is the most important reason of international students major in STEM should get OPT extension rather than others. 

In addition, there are a great number of successful people in U.S. who make unbelievable contributions to the whole nation as well as the world are originally from other countries. Let me give you one example. David Ho, who was original from Taiwan, has been at the forefront of AIDS research for three decades. He championed the combination anti-retroviral therapy which had earlier been developed by scientists at NIAID and Merck. This approach allowed the control of HIV replication in patients. He is only one of thousands of people who dedicate to contribute to the U.S. and the world. Can you imagine how many students with OPT extension would do the same thing like them if they have a chance?

Moreover, for those who complain OPT extension students occupy their job opportunity and students from other countries should go back home counties after graduate, I am more willing to call them loser. I believe these people are currently lying in the bed, doing nothing but complain. Equality is the one of the most important concept in a society in U.S. The most hard-working and excellent people can win the competition rather than the loser like this. DHS continues to believe that the E-Verify program is an important measure to ensure th