As a foreign STEM student in U.S., I complete support this extension.

First of all, before I applied for graduate school, I considered which country I should go, England or America. Finally, I chose America as my graduate school country, not only because its high quality of education, but also because America can provide us a long time to work in this country. Many university's advertisement emphasizes this advantage over other countries. Now I hope this work situation can be kept and become better with this 24 months extension. As you know, Canada can provide graduate students with green card. So if America cannot approve this 24-month extension, America will surely lose its advantage of attract more international students to study in America. They will choose Canada or Australia instead.

Secondly, as is known to all, the most people who work in fields are foreigners. If the government cannot approve this 24-month extension, there will certainly be a lot of excellent workers to leave America to go to their home country because of the VISA issue, which will definitely bring a lot of horrible impacts on America's economy. This situation, I think, no one want to see in the future.

Lastly, a number of commenters, however, objected to the 24-month STEM OPT extension on the basis of potential negative impacts on U.S. workers in STEM fields. For instance, a commenter stated that demand for technical workers was very weak in engineering occupations and growing modestly in computing and mathematics occupations. The same commenter stated that, especially when combined with H-1B, L-1, and other skilled workers, the number of students taking advantage of the STEM OPT extension would distort the domestic labor market. Some commenters specifically stated that employers would prefer to hire F-1 students on STEM OPT extensions because these students would work for lower wages. Some commenters noted that some U.S. firms had previously advertised STEM positions as being available