I do support the STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) extension for international graduates. I've seen lots of comments that they are taking jobs from us - true, but they are also the people who could create more jobs. 

What makes the United States of America the greatest country in the world is that we open to well-trained, knowledgeable and talented scientists and engineers all over the world (including celebrities like Albert Einstein and many Nobel laureates) and have them work for us in the past over 100 years - and we should keep it that way. Sometimes we may think technology immigrants are taking a share from our cake, but we shall not ignore that they are a major contributing factor to make our cake larger, for everyone in United States. 

European countries fear immigrants would take job opportunities, so they shut their doors. Are they doing better now? I don't think so. Technology immigration definitely provides more locomotive to our economy than the population burden associated. They are helping Google, Facebook, Microsoft, Apple, Boeing, Goodyear, DuPont, GE, P&G and many others be the best companies in the world, and what they are doing are not easily replaced by domestic workers.

That being said, remember the "optional training program" is not even an immigration program. It merely keep those international graduates for a couple of years, not sufficient to grant any immigration, but an opportunity to let our universities, national laboratories, and companies to pick the best out of them to benefit our business, our organizations and our education. Still, 90% of the graduates, those who were not picked, will be kicked out US after the program finishes. This program gives us a channel to keep the best scientists and engineers with so little cost, which I think is a super sweet deal. To help excellent employees get the green card, the employers will have to pay heavy $$$ for the process, which ensures the companies and universities onl