Zhan Gao Embracing new immigration is the essence of this country!!!
That's why I choose here! home of bravery! Americans, the world is changing! look outside, China is chasing you! American works are mot competing with some foreign students, you are competing with the whole world! If America stop embracing new immigration, you are gonna be an ordinary country! you are not exceptional any more! and China is gonna beat you one day! For American worker groups, Stop the self-protecting your workers,let your workers go get better education, go work harder, confront the competition, not to avoid them! eventually self-protecting is gonna hurt yourself! Send those masters and PH.Ds back to China! let China grow, when they have enough strength several years later, they are gonna write the rules of the world in the future, at that time, you are gonna loose much more! eventually the self-protection is gonna hurt you! wake up, American! economy is always the most important thing! 

I have a lot of friends who have been affected by the court's decision, I can tell you they are smart guys! they are absolutely above average and could contribute a lot to this country! They bring new idea, new culture to this country, they are the bridge of difference! go send them back to China and India, their leaders are gonna be so happy! "American help us educate so many highly educated workers and send them back to compete with Americans! thanks!" 

what you need to do now is to increase the highly educated immigration, reduce the illegal immigration! but what you are doing right now is the opposite! and several days ago, I heard the republican presidential candidate Rick Santorum say: "reduce the H1B cap!" oh my God! let me tell you, this guys is backed by some workers group and not put the whole interest of U.S.A first! this is the shortcoming of U.S. politics! These politicians always protect certain group who can vote for them, who can protect their senator seats! they do not put the interests of the whole country first! when your politicians are quarreling something for several months or even several years,what your competitors are doing? they are growing, they are not quarreling, they are chasing you! president Bush spent trillion dollars to the wars, meanwhile, China grows at 10% GDP increment every year, what if Bush put trillions to your economy, to the infrastructure, you got nothing at the end in Iraq and China got the time to grow himself! Americans, look outside the world! if you don't want to follow the same old path of Rome empire or great british empire, you need fresh blood which is new highly educated immigration! this is not just the right thing to do for your economy, this is also moral! this is why I believe America can be the greatest country in the world all the time! because you are changing, you don't stand still! Chinese are doing well, we can got the best Chinese here! This is what makes America exceptional!

