I am writing to support the improving and expanding of STEM OPT program. I see at least two benefits of this program. To students, they have an opportunity to apply what they learn in school in a real working environment and fulfill an important educational process. Hence they will have a better chance to become an expert in the field of they study in a much shorter time frame as compare to they do this in their own country. To the university, since their graduate have a higher qualification and success rate in their relative field, the university will have an competitive edge to other universities in other countries.

I have read a lot of the comments on this site what oppose the improving and expanding of this program as well. I think people who oppose the improving and expanding have two main concerns. First, they believe US workers might lose the job opportunity due to compete with STEM OPT student. Well, if that is the concern, then they should SUPPORT the improving the STEM OPT program to add provisions that requires the employer to give priority to US applications given the same kind of qualification just as H1B does instead of oppose the program. Also they assumption here is that there is surplus in supply in the labor market STEM related field and there is not enough positions for US candidate. But the reality is US employer is short of STEM related engineers and scientist in large quantity. Is that the reason why we encourage more kids to study STEM schools and universities in the first place? Second, they argues that the hire of the STEM OPT students will lower US works wages. This kind of believe shows a lack of basic understanding a free market. Base on this kind of reasoning, probably we should not allowed any immigrant to this country as well. Unfortunately according to this article on Forbes (http://www.forbes.com/sites/robertlenzner/2013/04/25/40-largest-u-s-companies-founded-by-immigrants-or-their-children/) about 40% of the largest US companies fo