It is unfair to expand training opportunities and additional cap gap relief to all f-1 visa holders where as when applying for a student visa (F-1) one has to establish or convince the visa officer that he would return to his home country after completion of studies. But once an F-1 student arrives in USA he is given all opportunities and even encourage to stay on work and apply for a green card.

This has been going for a such a long time that it is really a shame on the part of congress members with whom the authority rests to make changes to immigration laws, that they can remedy such a self contradictory law. On one hand you say must return home and on the other you encourage those who enter US on a f-1 visa to stay it.

It is a complete violation of human rights of those whose visas are rejected. 

Every country can chose whom it may allow and how many or to buid a wall or dig a moat and not allow any one into the country. That right rests with the people and govt and law makers of that country. But when one allows people from other countries all applicants should be given fair consideration without absurd rules that mock human right to equal consideration like the 214b. If we send different persons with same documentation to same visa officer 3 of 10 times he rejects the visa just because he has to meet some set rejection and approval rates. It is a total shame and mockery of the whole system.

If US govt just wants to play some game with visa applicants why no sell the f-1 visas to highest bidders or use a lottery just like the h-1 visa lottery which is a joke played by NASSCOM and MNCs of India.

It is high time some sane person brings those laws to vote that remove this f-1 visa self contradictory "immigrant intent" 214b rule as well as the provisions in h-1 which have a huge hole for totally gaming the visa process. 

Without digressing much. I wish to bring to you notice , sir, to extend the provisions of DUAL INTENT to f-1 visa applicants as well or at t