There are serious problems with some of the sources on which you base your proposals. For example, footnote (24) refers to "Foreign STEM Workers and Native Wages and Employment in U.S. Cities" by Giovanni Peri, Kevin Shih, Chad Sparber. An updated version of this paper was released on July 1st and an analysis of it at http://econdataus.com/jole_pss.htm shows some serious problems.

In addition, a search of the comments for the number 2.62 or 262 show at least six references to another flawed study that is often quoted by proponents of OPT expansion. One of them is labeled "Mass Mail Campaign 22" and contains the following statement:

"A 2012 report co-sponsored by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce found that every foreign-born student who graduates with an advanced degree from a U.S. university and stays to work in a STEM field creates on average 2.62 jobs for U.S. workers, often because they help lead in innovation, research and development."

Googling this sentence shows that it's source appears to be a sample letter posted by an immigration lawyer at http://immigrationgirl.com/f-1-students-tell-dhs-to-fix-the-2008-opt-stem-extension-rule-sample-email-here/ . Interestingly, it appears that this sentence was taken verbatim from a 2013 article at http://www.metrocorpcounsel.com/articles/26825/raising-cap-need-increased-numbers-h-1b-visas-skilled-workers . In any case, an analysis at http://econdataus.com/amerjobs.htm shows that the 2.62 number is deeply flawed. It is the result of a study of the years 2000-2007. If you use the exact same formulas but move the time span forward two years, to 2002 to 2009, the association becomes a LOSS of 1.21 jobs. This strongly suggests that the positive association is caused by the inclusion of the tech crash and the steep job losses of both foreign and native workers in 2000 and 2001. You see, a strong job LOSS in both groups is mathematically identical to a strong job GAIN of both groups, at least as far as the linear regression that