Dale Race In the end, the debate over the expansion of the OPT program can and ought to be reduced to a simple question: does the expansion of the OPT program work for or against U.S. citizens with STEM degrees seeking employment in STEM fields? 

I am absolutely sick to my stomach that jobs that otherwise could go to U.S. citizens with STEM degrees are going to foreigners instead. Generally, I am never wanting for stimuli that foster a visceral disgust at the everyday sellout of U.S. citizens in employment context; there is a rotten cornucopia of anecdotes involving U.S. citizens being cut loose so that foreign workers can take their place. On occasion, U.S. citizens have had to endure the humiliation of training their foreign replacements. 

The laws and regulations concerning the conduct of business and commerce in the United States ought to form a framework that unequivocally makes the training and hiring of non-citizens a measure of last resort.

Let me repeat that thought in a different context for emphasis. 

As of October 28, 2015, the U.S. Census Bureau's "Population Clock" (http://www.census.gov/popclock/) reports there are roughly 322,049,XXX million persons residing in the United States. The "USA QuickFacts" from the Census Bureau (http://quickfacts.census.gov/qfd/states/00000.html) reports that in 2014, 23.1% of people in the U.S. were under age 18, with 14.5% over age 65. Businesses in the United States should be compelled by law to hire from that vast pool (over 18 and under 65) a U.S. citizen. There should be provision in the law for the hiring of non-citizens, but *only* as a measure of last resort. Common sense compels the conclusion that to do anything less is to give U.S. citizens seeking employment the proverbial "shaft."

I am doubtful that there are not enough U.S. citizens with STEM degrees, either unemployed or seeking employment in STEM fields, to fill the vacancies that these businesses purport are best filled by foreigners. To a greater degree, I am certain that the businesses which complain of an ache that can only be soothed by foreign labor are motivated by the desire to pay lower wages and lower employment taxes.

Make the right decision, and be lauded for sticking up for U.S. citizens with STEM degrees that are unemployed or seeking employment in a STEM field.

Make the wrong decision, and this U.S. citizen will make yet another entry in the list of "Instances of the Government Favoring the Interests of Foreigners over the Interests of Citizens."

