I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:

1. Finding a job should depends on the guys TRUE professional ability and technical skills. People should rather compete on a same platform, NOT just rely on things like REGIONAL PROTECTION policy. We couldnt discriminate them just because they are foreigners. The best way is to improve ourselves! Now under the globalization circumstance, no one can stay in a place that is free from competition but can still get great welfare. The regional protection policy will be harmful to the nations development and economy in the long time! 

2. Those guys who get STEM degree are the ELITE with higher education and professional technology. If we lose the guys like them, this will be a GREAT LOSE to the nation. Say, they get the knowledge from here and then go back to their homeland, they will contribute to the economy of their countries. Take a look at High-tech company, such as Google, Apple, Microsoft and Facebook. They contribute a lot to USs economy and provide so many job opportunities. Now it's the time when economy depends a lot on High-Technology Revolution. Also, a lot of the CEOs are from India. They all did very great job. If we lose people like them, then they will go back and develop India. not the United Status! 

3. I understand that F1 students may increase the competition in the short run, but we still need to think more about it from the long run. Competition is NOT a bad thing. Why are we afraid of competition? It has at least 2 advantages: 

(1) This can prompt people to get more professional skills and become better to find a job. I dont think employing guys like some apples of Sodom would be a very good thing to the corporation. We need people that have true abilities, such as the guys with STEM degrees. 

(2) If F1 students can urge the job market to be more competitive, and people will struggle to get more professional technology, then we can do the job even better! Then the companies and corpor