Dear Chief Westerlund:

I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students," published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.
As an international student in US, I got my STEM degree and graduated in 2015 with a master degree of Computer Engineering. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes.

I was glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule. 
The OPT STEM Extension is EXTREMLY Important for STEM Employers and US Economy
Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest techniques in the field and succeed in global market. For example, in the company that I am currently doing practical training, there are a good number of students, mostly from Europe and Asia, making significant contribution to our product. Most of these international students are some of the smartest people from their home country and are dedicated to make our product successful. With the additional help from international students, we can meet all the deadlines and publish all new features for our customer. Our product is extremely popular around the world and the revenue of the company is growing steadily. I cannot imagine how our team can meet all the deadlines without hiring international students. We are constantly hiring and there are not enough qualified people although our HR tried very hard in recruiting. It is not a matter 