As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in 2014 with a PhD degree in the field of Chemical Engineering from Georgia Tech. My research focused on developing membrane and adsorbent materials for CO2 capture to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Currently, I am working at Honeywell in the Performance Materials Technology division using OPT. In my current role, I developed kinetic models for various technologies such as hydroprocessing and fluidized catalytic cracking to produce gasoline. 

Foreign students represent half of all U.S. graduate enrollments in engineering, math, and computer science. There still are not enough U.S. students graduating with advanced degrees in these fields to fill highly specialized positions. A 2012 report co-sponsored by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce found that every foreign-born student who graduates with an advanced degree from a U.S. university and stays to work in a STEM field creates on average 2.62 jobs for U.S. workers, often because they help lead in innovation, research and development. Without the availability of the OPT STEM extension, the H-1B visa program is the main avenue for foreign-born individuals with U.S. degrees to stay in the U.S. to work in the STEM field. Yet, the H-1B visa program only sets aside 20,000 visa numbers for individuals who have earned a Masters degree, or above, at a U.S. university. This has led to an immigration policy which selects the best and brightest by random lottery, not by merit. Skilled immigrants contributions to the U.S. economy help create new jobs and new opportunities for economic expansion. Indeed, foreign-born students who graduate with an advanced degree in STEM fields from U.S. universities positively impact the U.S. economy and employment opportunities of native-born workers.

The most dramatic gains in U.S. employment come from immigrants who earned advanced degrees at US universities and are employed in STEM fields. Changing temporary