I STRONGLLY SUPPORT THIS RULE given these reasons:

1. Many argues this could hurt minimum wages or take over US citizens job opportunities. However, that is not true. OPT STEM applicants need to be hired by E-Verified employer. The E-Verified programs gist is to not discriminate any employee, it protects both US citizens and other legal workers. Any violation would put the employer on the E-Verified program blacklist. Moreover, even if the OPT employees wage is lower, its not because of his or her status, its because this program originally is designed for internship, and interns could be reasonably paid less than full-time employer. Thus, the argument is false.

2. The OPT STEM program is necessary when facing international students. US is famous of its education system and leading position in many industry areas. And in many years it successfully attracts many elites to come to the US. However, the visa could be a huge problem for international students, and be a crucial factor of decision. Many other countries now are following the US and even offering better visa programs for international students, including Canadas Post-Graduate Work Permit and Australias Post-Study Work Program. US is losing to many other competitor countries on visa programs. If this could not be changed, it would eventually hurt USs leading position in many areas.

3. The new rule could even matter to the USs reputation. Many international students including me consider the US as the first choice due the OPT and OPT STEM program. Since I majored in Electrical and Computer Engineering, it requires tons of professional training and years of experience to fulfill the high requirements in the job markets. Taking this program could help me be in the advantage place in my own country. Furthermore, Im now already on OPT STEM program. If this program be cancelled, it not only is going to hurt thousands of current employees like me and their employers, but also lead to questioning the US government