Hongzhi Li I am so glad to see that Homeland Security Department revised and proposed this rule because they obviously know how important it is to United States and its people. However, I heard so many voice against it and most of them are for " no reason". So I think it is critical to discuss why this rule is necessary and we need to support this rule.

First of all, this rule will benefit American people more than the F1 STEM students themselves. Based on the rule, it only applies to F1 STEM students who are most likely to work at technical position that require extremely advanced science knowledge. Given the limit number of STEM students (approximate 200,000 every year) and great demand of talent people in American Tech companies to push the development move forward, these STEM students are not competing jobs with the local Americans. But in the other side, the technical companies that support by these STEM students make billions of dollars every year and they pay billions of tax to the government which will finally used to improve welfare of American people who most likely aren't taking those hard technical jobs and contributing the advancement of American science. As a result of the hard work of the STEM students, American or even the whole world is becoming more and more intelligent and the welfare of America people is keep improving yearly. But what the STEM students get is just two more year experience in Silicon Valley or somewhere else. 

Then, most of the people against this rule have no idea how significant it means to America and what they are doing. I happened to know some American who strongly against this rule and I asked them why. They relied back crucially "I just don't want more immigrants in United States. They are taking all of our jobs and benefit from our welfare system." So apparently, they have not really investigated what is behind this rule and if what they are claiming is true or not. Based on the discussion above, there are limited STEM students and the jobs they are working for are in short supply. And the comment that claiming STEM students will be new immigrants in America is even more ridiculous. The rule is just for Optional Practical Training which has nothing to do with immigration. Any rule should be loyal to the rule itself and should not be tool of other unjust purposes. If they want to prevent new immigrants into US, then they should address their problem in other immigration law rather than deprive the training opportunities of STEM students.

Last but not least, it will be a great drawback to American economy if this rule fails to pass. Many people just cannot foresee what may happen util they see it. If the all the talent students are force to go home as soon as they graduate from school, the highly intelligence-required jobs will be soon in shortage of capable people. And as a result, more and more incapable or even not science related people will take those jobs and the development will be dead in water inevitably. A two year long training for STEM students will keep those technical companies rotating smoothly and grow steadily, and will also benefit every local American people. Such a wise rule should be passed rather than being killed. 

The F1 STEM students are just a small group of international students who happen to have great impact on the development of American society. They are making contribution as any other native American. Therefore, I honestly think they should be treat fairly and their great contribution to the America society and human science should be appreciated and rewarded.

