To whom it may concern:

As an international student who has a family in the States, I am fully support this proposed rule since it is a Win-Win plan as following reasons:

For USA,
1. It would help US continuously have a very good number of high quality international employees, who have been significantly contributing on the growth of economy (especially on high tech branch) in the States since years ago. Otherwise, the Companies would lose thousands of international employees next year, which would be a tremendous disaster for their operation and growth, especially for small business. Since there may not be enough qualified domestic candidates to hire in such a short time, as a result, not having this OPT extension may put the whole economy system in danger here in the States.

2. United States of America, as we all know, is one of the most developed and most civilized countries in the world; not only because of the right path those national fathers created a couple hundreds years ago, but also the spirits and values of this country: Freedom, Justice and Diversity that built gradually generation by generation, which exactly is also what their citizens are proud of. When I first came to the States, the director of the international office in my school, told me something like this: "This country is strong as a thick rope, because she has been joined and being reinforced by high quality small ropes from different corners of the world. Therefore, we believe that the States will be as strong as they are with many high quality international components in the future".

3. More working experiences for international students can be beneficial for both side: the students would get trained more and learn more skill before they head back their own country, which makes them more competitive to better contribute what they could and pursue what they are eager to for their life. On the other hand, when they are back home, their "USA" working experiences can enhance business tie w