I think it is very necessary to approve the new regulation. The United States have recently stepped out of the recession caused by the 2008 financial crisis, and we have seen the economy is getting stronger and booming since the beginning of 2015. More jobs have been added this year, and the unemployment level has been kept at a relatively low level compared to mid-crisis. This means that more Americans than that of mid-crisis era have jobs. There is still strong demand in the job market. This means that we can open up the opportunities to foreign students who study in the U.S. and have expertise. These students would fill in the positions which are left out of most Americans' interest. Most technology companies are built on technology immigrants, such as google, facebook and dropbox. Many of the modeling analysts in the big financial firms, data science firms are international students as well. We can see the success of these firms, and we can certainly infer that with the help of the international students, the U.S. economy would be booming as well. I almost think that the employment rate of Americans is positively affected by international students hired. Think about it, international students with high skill sets can help small business to grow and extend the life of the business, leading to more jobs available on the market. How many jobs has Silicone Valley created?
In comparison, Canada has a policy authorizing foreign students three years to work legally in Canada post-graduation to attract the talents. I do think United States should do the same thing to keep ahead in the global competition. 
However, I do feel a little concerned about the criterion that the employers need to meet to be able to extend OPT for international students. Some of them are not necessary and could be harmful. I think what we should fully understand is that neither OPT nor OPT extension guarantees a full time job, so just like the contract jobs, I don't think training/benefit packag