I strongly support this proposal base on the following opinions:

1. Benefits to the U.S. economy.

U.S. has been the #1 country in the world for years, and one of the main reasons of this success is because of its diversity.

Ever since the Industrial Revolution in the 18th century, technology innovation has become a key factor of determining a countrys place in the world, and U.S. sure grabbed this gist. This country draws talented people in by its world-class working and living environment, and pay them back with its welcoming and open mind. It brings people from different parts of the world and cultures together to do great things. There are immigrants contributing to almost every industry: IT, space exploration, military, movie, medical field, etc., and a lot of them are on the top of their respective fields. To draw more talented people in and make this country stay competitive, extending OPT extension period for STEM students sure is a good way to provide more opportunities for international students to find a job and transit to H1-B visa in order to use the knowledge they learned from U.S. universities and contribute back to this country.

According to a 2012 report from the Information Technology Industry Council(http://www.renewoureconomy.org/sites/all/themes/pnae/stem-report.pdf), the Partnership for a New American Economy, and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, research has found that every foreign-born student who graduates from a U.S. university with an advanced degree and stays to work in STEM has been shown to create on average 2.62 jobs for American workersoften because they help lead in innovation, research, and development., and this report only shows the value and job opportunities STEM students had been creating until 2012. In fact, according to another report(http://www.renewoureconomy.org/sites/all/themes/pnae/img/new-american-fortune-500-june-2011.pdf), immigrants were founders of 18 percent of all Fortune 500 companies, many of which are high-tec