Honestly those people who define opt extension as "disgusting" seem more like pure populism.

The source power of America's leading position in high tech area are definitely accounted to its attraction to well-educated immigrates from China, Russia, east Europe, and middle east such as Iran. And in order to keep America's leading position in the high tech area, it is definitely not wise to block these well-educated highly skilled high tech work force outside of America. Especially when nowadays there are many countries such as Canada, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia, Malaysia, Taiwan, and China are actively instituting new strategies to attract international students. And this means that if America doesn't focus on enhancing our nation's economic, scientific and technological competitiveness by finding new ways to encourage talented international students to become involved in expanded post-graduate opportunities in the United States. Then it is very likely that America will lose its leading position to countries like China, who has the most STEM engineering graduates every year in the world.

There are people objected to the 17-month STEM OPT extension on the basis of potential negative impacts on U.S. workers in STEM fields. However if you read the initiative carefully, there are terms and conditions modified in the STEM OPT extension in order to protect U.S. workers from possible employer abuses of these programs.or instance, any employer wishing to hire a student participating in the STEM OPT extension would, as part of a newly required Mentoring and Training Plan, be required to sign a sworn attestation affirming that, among other things: (1) The employer has sufficient resources and personnel available and is prepared to provide appropriate mentoring and training in connection with the specified opportunity; (2) the employer will not terminate, lay off, or furlough a U.S. worker as a result of providing the STEM OPT to the student; and (3) the stude