In my opinion, I totally support this new rule, from the following aspects:
First, the reason America's economics and other aspects are way ahead of other countries is because the technology and welcoming regulation. why? because the most highly educated and created students live in this country and contribute themselves' talent and knowledge.
without the rule, the company here will loss lots of talented people. What's the results ? All these people will go back to there home country or other countries they have more flexible and more welcoming regulations for them. The harm may be can't see in one year , but in five years , America will pay a lot and lose a lot because of the cancellation of the OPT stem extension.

Second, the previous years' economy shows, the skilled and talented people have made huge contributions in this country, both in technology and innovation fields and this creates more jobs and opportunities for this country. In my university ,more than half of professors coming from other country. They excel both in teaching and researching. And they all have significant contribution in American industry. If canceling OPT extension, the education level in America will slowly fall behind of other countries. without new technology, America's industry will face another recession and in a long run it will hurt America and make more American citizen loss their job.

Third, I don't think company hire non-citizen because of low fee. As I know all non-citizen students who got a job has the medical care and they share the same payment of the American citizen. Actually, companies have to pay more for hiring a non-citizen, like paying lawyer and other stuff. The reason why companies want to hire a non-citizen is just they have more value for this company and they excel other competitors.

Forth, this gives all people the fair platform to compete. It's American spirit to give everyone equal chance and attract more professionals come to these country. If cancel the 