I SUPPORT the proposal, because in the era of big data, it works for the mutual interest of the USA and the F1 students.

Key observations:

1. The era of big data has revolutionized thousands of industries and has generated HUGE DEMAND for STEM students.

2. In graduate school, there are INSUFFICIENT STEM students to meet the demand, not to mention U.S. students alone.

3. F1 students in the graduate school are the top of the top from all over the world and they are a treasure for the U.S. 

4. I (as an F1 student) am doing a 5-year multi-million research project that helps the U.S. solve the species invasion problem using data mining.

Arguments:

1. 
It is well accepted fact that the era of big data has already come, and thousands of industries are doing their best to leverage the big data to generate business insights in order to stay competitive against foreign companies. For example, Walmart needs data scientists to help them analyze customers' shopping behaviors and decide how to arrange the merchandises. Auto companies are leveraging data sciences to optimize the design of cars. 

Let us speak with data. Check these links to see how demand of big data jobs and data scientists are growing steadily: 
https://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=big%20data%20jobs
https://www.google.com/trends/explore#q=data%20scientist

The skills needed for big data are essentially math for modeling, computer science for designing software, statistics for data analysis, and other engineering and science majors -- these are STEM majors.

2. 
I am in the graduate school of a top 20 U.S. university, and I can tell (first-hand information) the number of the graduate students of STEM majors cannot meet the demand of the companies. Numerous U.S. companies have come to our university to recruit data scientists, including Facebook, Google, Microsoft, Ford, Chase, Amazon, IBM, and many others that are the pillars of the U.S. Most of my senior colleagues have multiple offers to choose from, 