
Please explain WHY are U.S. STUDENTS ARE EXCLUDED FROM THIS PRIVILEGED PROGRAM

A. Purpose of the Regulatory Action

This proposed rule is open to literally every foreign person in the world regardless of the ability to succeed at a U.S. school thus, the regulation does not seek bright students. The F1 nonimmigrant classification is available to certain academic students seeking temporary admission to the United States as full-time students at an established college, university, seminary, conservatory, academic high school, elementary school, or other academic institution or in an accredited language training program. In short, every and any school is a qualifying school. Thus, by definition, any foreigner who wants to come to the U.S. to attend elementary school qualifies under this regulation. The 911 terrorist would have qualified under this broad definition.

OPT is a form of temporary employment lasting 48 months, which is nobody's definition of temporary. Since the whole college experience begins and ends in 48 months, then the OPT program is a school unto itself 48 months is the course of study. A student can apply to engage in OPT during their academic program, known as pre-completion OPT, As admitted in this Regulation and in the Immigration Code this regulation assists the foreign student to change status to H1B thus eligible to replace a qualified US worker WITHOUT A DEGREE OR EXPERIENCE. or after completing the academic program, known as post-completion OPT. As admitted in the first sentence OPT is a form of employment. Clearly, the regulation is NOT meant for educational purposes but is in the end an employment program for and only for foreign students.

The Regulations fail to protect U.S. workers because the Regulations fail to gage the wages of U.S. workers. Instead, the Regulations help ONLY the imported foreign students in gauging compliance, employers would be required to provide DHS with student compensation information, which would better situa