Beixi Li I definitely think it's a GREAT and SMART idea to expand OPT for F1 student with stem degree. When I looked through the negative comments on this proposal, the most popular concern is that there are still a few unemployed American STEM students, and people who made those negative comments hold that international students who got a job during OPT are the reason for the unemployment of American STEM student because they are competing with US students. 
However, their point of views are not supported by facts.

1) American students are competing within themselves, not with international students. In nearly every field, most companies only want to hire people with US citizenship, and some companies strongly prefer US students, and there are only tiny amount of positions of international students.

Why: 
I am a Biological Science PhD student from Northeastern University, Boston. Our university holds career fair every semester and I went to there almost every time. Every time, I was almost disappointed to find out that about 90% of companies are looking for candidates with US citizens or green card, and people who collected resumes and gave interviews will refuse us for the job after knowing we are not American citizens. 
About 5% of companies clearly stated that people who have US citizenship will be considered with priority.
This holds true for almost every field, like mechanical engineers, chemical engineers, data analyst, pharmacist, biotech researchers etc.

Therefore, considering the extremely tiny amount of available positions for international students, it's not possible that international students will threaten the employment of US students.

2) There are certain fields that the amount of US students who study in is minimal and the market needs international students.

Example:
My friend Yong Zhang is a computer science student seeking master degree in California. He told me there are 70% of students in his class are international students. When he talked to one of his American classmate, his classmate said that from his experience, there are not as many American students who would like to learn computer science as those who prefer to learn other majors. 
Another example is that my boyfriend was a physics PhD students in Northeastern University, and there are 20 people in total of his year in the physics program, and 15 people are international students from different countries. 

It's true that in some majors like business, there are a large portion of American students, but not in all fields especially in STEM majors. American will needs those international students for its own development.

3) Considering the incredibly low amount of job positions for international students, and high competition between the international students, F1 student who got an job must be VERY outstanding and the company must need them, or the companies would rather to hire US students.

If the proposal is denied, it is almost obvious that American will lose quite a few outstanding engineers and scientists since they won't have a chance to work in USA. That would be a loss for USA honestly. The new CEO of Google, Sundar Pichai, for instance, was an India student seeking a Masters Degree in Material Science and Engineering in Stanford University. 

4) Even better, outstanding engineers or scientists may create more job positions in the long run. 

Example: Sanjay Mehrotra, the co-founder and CEO of SanDisk, was an Indian student who studied electrical engineering and computer science at US Berkeley. And think of how many jobs he created after he opening the company? And think of how many profits he brought to US?

The United States , as the melting-pot, is always famous for its diversity and acceptance of people from different countries. And I believe that's a crucial reason why the US is as well-developed as today and standing as a leader in technologies. I was totally inspired by its spirit. It will be a shame if US loses its charming.

