I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:

(1) STEM extension can avoid potential huge labor loss for US companies, so US firms can remain their growth rates and stay competitive.

The demand for STEM labors is increasingly huge in US job market, especially in the IT industry. For example, Amazon face around 2300 job vacancies on average a year. IBM, Intel, Microsoft and Oracle altogether have more than 10,000 vacancies a year. These vacancies require high-level technology labors and cant be filled in by limited domestic labors. Nowadays, international STEM students make up a large proportion of these positions and are making great contribution to the growth of these firms.

Without the OPT Extension, more students will have to leave companies instantly and thus wont be able to fill in the vacancies. This will greatly jeopardize those firms competitive and growth strategy.
In the future the new IT trend will focus on Internet of Things, Social Networks and Big Data, which are predicted to create trillion dollars for US economy. The STEM labors will inevitably become the mainstays of those IT giants. In this sense, STEM Extension has great significance for US future competitiveness.

(2) STEM students can not only make contributions to US firms, but also create jobs through entrepreneurship.

From 1990, STEM international labors contributed to 1/3 of US economy acceleration, helped improved average salary of US work force by several percents. It is also reported that every technology international labor can create additional 5 job vacancies. Whats more, many great entrepreneurs or scientists were previous international students. With STEM specialties, many students are actually more entrepreneurial and more likely to start successful high-tech businesses, which further boosted US economy.

(3) US firms can benefit more when STEM students are better trained during OPT Extension period.

With OPT Extension, STEM students will have more opportunities to