The proposed rule does not safeguard U.S workers. The proposed rule would require that the terms and conditions of a STEM OPT student's employment are commensurate with those for similarly situated US workers.
What other US workers can be found who are conducting three year traineeships? This leaves no comparables, and so the employer will pay the least amount of compensation it can and likely no benefits, with the argument that it is "training". DHS would not have a viable argument that the company is not meeting the requirement because there are no similarly situated US workers.

The proposed rule would like to expand the program to include foreign students who obtained STEM degrees (likely outside of the US) but are in the US studying in a non-STEM program, however the extension would only be available to those who seek to develop and utilize stem skills. This seems highly irregular. Prior STEM students may not have been accepted to a US university in their STEM field due to lack of ranking or qualification of their prior university. That selfsame student might come to the US to study business or any other non-related field, and yet still be eligible for a training extension on stale or unqualified skills.

The proposed rule is particular damaging to US university students and US recent graduates in STEM fields. In the proposed rule it states that, "hundreds of thousands of international students are currently pursuing courses of studying fields that may provide eligibility for this program". These students are in the age bracket of 18-28. Each US high school student who intends to study must have an available position at a US university.
The current number of foreign students at US universities is circa 700,000. Foreign students make up about 4% of the US post-secondary school population, but the statistics are much higher at the higher ranking schools.
This leads to tougher competition forcing the US student into competition for a coveted place. The proposed ru