Zebin Xie As a foreign student, I strongly support the OPT Extension of STEM program. The OPT and its extension program not only bring benefits to the foreign students, but also to the university and society of America.

Students from all over the world come to United States because of her spirit of embracement and freedom. Especially, the OPT Extension program extremely attracts foreign students. The advantage of students coming from different places help the university build diverse cultures and environments. The local american students and teachers will get inspired while sharing experiences with foreign students. Diversity is crucial for innovation and creation. New ideas for arts, economy, and sciences will be generated because of diversity. 

Secondly, STEM program and the related students are of key importance to keep America staying in the leading place of science. The fireworks kindled by the combination of experienced teachers and talented students help America build the most advanced academic and scientific achievements. And more importantly, only with the extension of OPT program, students can have enough time to create these fruitful achievements with their teachers.

Thirdly, the extension of OPT will give enough time for students to earn more experience before coming back to their home country. Students need practice, and they need this time to use their skills learned from the American university, to serve the United States. Students in STEM program contribute to the society a lot, by doing works which the local American people are unlikely to do. The United States is strong because of its embracement to let different kinds of people to serve and build it.

Fourthly, extension of OPT attracts students coming to U.S., which activate the local economy in America. The consumption from all the foreign students bring much work opportunities to the American society. Local American people will get much benefit from the job opportunities. This is a win-win situation because both side get what they want. Without the extension of OPT, students need to leave soon after graduated, which will dramatically deteriorate the current economy of America.

Finally, extension of OPT attracts students, and after students go back to home country, they will spread the American culture to every corner of the world. Broadcasting the culture of America is essential for a country who wants to strengthen its impact to the world. United States is a always a pioneer whose decision will influence every single country of the world. Spreading the culture, letting other country and people be familiar with american spirit are important. And this will be achievable by attracting students of other country to learn in the United States.
