A formatted PDF of this comment is attached.

I strongly support this regulation because I personally will benefit from the proposed regulation as well as other elites of foreign students will do. Furthermore, this regulation has considered thoroughly to prevent anything bad from happening. As the benefits to the foreign students are obvious and generally discussed, Im going to discuss more why the regulations do no harm to U.S. workers at all in this comment.

No one can steal jobs from U.S. workers under the proposed regulations

This can be easily seen from the following points,

a) U.S. workers wont lose job due to STEM OPT provided to foreign students.

As stated in the proposed regulations (III. Executive Summary - B. Summary of the Major Provisions of the Regulatory Action, Safeguards for U.S. Workers in Related Fields), U.S. workers are guarded from losing jobs as a result of providing training position to foreign students under STEM OPT.

b) U.S. workers wont fail getting job due to STEM OPT provided to foreign students.

As stated in the proposed regulations (V. Discussion of Elements of the STEM OPT Extension - G. Safeguarding U.S. Workers Through Measures Consistent With Labor Market
Protections), the employers who hire foreign students are required to hire similar situated U.S. worker.

c) STEM field employers are still facing talent shortage 

As published by one of the biggest job hunting website - Monster.com (http://www.monster.com/career-start/a/10-most-in-demand-jobs-in-2015), 1 in 3 U.S. employers experience difficulty in getting talents to fill positions. In the same article, technicians and engineers are among the top 10 in-demand jobs. This shows that considerable number of STEM field employers cant fulfill his/her needs with U.S. workers and current number of foreign students.

d) The unemployment rate remains as low as 5.0%

As published by Bureau of Labor Statics recently (http://www.bls.gov/news.release/empsit.nr0.htm), the unemployment ra