I strongly SUPPORT this OPT-extension. 
OPT-extension is a good way to keep U.S. education attraction for international students all over the world. Best international students come to US for her advanced education reputation. International students pay their tax, their tuition and contribute to both industry and academia. The working force formed by the international students in STEM areas are also positively influencing American economy. Both international students and local citizens are payed equally, international students won't lower the average salary. From my personal experience, I have international friends working in Facebook, Google and Yahoo. Their salaries are similar. When my international friends were at school as either undergraduates or graduates, they are not qualified to some scholarship that only accept US citizens. So it's unfair that international students lowered down the average payment in both industry and college. 

High tech industries need largely talented employees to contribute. However, the workforce produced by US citizen is not enough. International students, who graduated from STEM areas, are able to provide the extra needed workforce. International students are working together with US citizens to contribute the US economy. What's more, US high tech companies are expanding globally, they need international graduated students to join them and help them to be localized in different countries. 

The risks of not passing this OPT-extension are in many-fold. First of all, it will decrease the attraction of the US education. Because international students not only want to gain their knowledge in colleges, but also want to apply their knowledge and gain industry experiences before they go back to their own country, or to continue to contribute to US economy. Second, there are lots of people working in companies under OPT extensions, if this become invalid, it will be a huge disaster for the companies because some of the employees will have