American employers are all ready abusing this program to the detriment of American workers. Just look at what Disney is doing to American workers as one example of the abuses that are all ready occurring. America cannot afford this de facto run around of our immigration laws. It's time to put American workers first, not big business and the Chamber of Commerce who desire cheap labor, free from obamacare taxes and payroll taxes, over American workers. I agree with and concur with the following statements and quotes from Senator Charles Grassley:

Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa (in a letter to President Obama):

"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 years - the same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be valid - there is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent."
the proposed regulations are "irresponsible and dangerous considering the Government Accountability Office (GAO) report issued in March 2014 finding that the program was full of inefficiencies, susceptible to fraud, and that the Department was not adequately overseeing it."
"The report also found a major national security problem in that the Department does not know where tens of thousands of foreign students are living and working in the country. The GAO said that 'ICE cannot fully ensure foreign students working under optional practical training are maintaining their legal status in the United States.'"
"After the GAO issued its report in 2014, I wrote to you and urged you to consider issuing a moratorium on OPT approvals until the program was secured and students could be located. I also asked that the Department swiftly move to implement the GAO's recommendations. The Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Alejandro Mayorkas, responded on your behalf to my letter. He said the Department concurred with the recommendations and was w