I strongly SUPPORT this proposal with the following reasons: 

First of all, nowadays, most Americans do not want to learn STEM majors, especially Electrical Engineering and Computer Science. However, the companies, such as Apple, Google, Amazon and so on, hired students who mainly majored in STEM. These companies have important roles in America's Economy. If this proposal is not approved, the majority of international students must go back to their own countries. That means these companies would not hire enough students to help them because most Americans are majored in Medicine, Law and Film. Then these companies will become weaker and weaker. Therefore, this phenomenon will affect America's Economy seriously. 

Secondly, this proposal will benefit both international students and United States. This proposal will give international students three years to work in and contribute to America, which means each international student will have three opportunities to get H1B visa. This will benefit international student a lot. Besides, if more and more international students get H1B visa, they will contribute to America a lot and therefore, United States will become stronger and stronger and will be a leader in technique filed around the world. 

Finally, this proposal will attract more and more international students come to United States and this will be a huge amount of income. Besides, this proposal will keep United States at the top position in education around in the world. Many students want to have industry experience after they graduation. The OPT is one of the main reasons which attract international students come to America. Recently, many other countries, such as Canada, United Kingdom and Austria, are considering to propose training program similar to OPT in order to attract international students. Therefore, in this competitive world, United States should open mind and take this good proposal.

In sum, I strongly support this proposal and this proposal will