Albert Einstein This rule reminds me of America's Science Immigration, and now people who try to stop the rule are actually forcing the future scientists and engineers out of this country, they are, to some extent, short-sighted and may already forget the history and the enthusiasm for science.

American political leaders' enthusiasm for knowledge helped ensure a warm welcome for scientists from other countries. A notable early immigrant was the British chemist Joseph Priestley, who was driven from his homeland because of his dissenting politics. Priestley, who went to the United States in 1794, was the first of thousands of talented scientists who emigrated in search of a free, creative environment.[1]

Alexander Graham Bell placing the first New York to Chicago telephone call in 1892
Other scientists had come to the United States to take part in the nation's rapid growth. Alexander Graham Bell, who arrived from Scotland by way of Canada in 1872, developed and patented the telephone and related inventions. Charles Steinmetz, who came from Germany in 1889, developed new alternating-current electrical systems at General Electric Company,[1] and Vladimir Zworykin, an immigrate from Russia in 1919 arrived in the States bringing his knowledge of x-rays and cathode ray tubes and later won his first patent on a television system he invented. The Serb Nikola Tesla went to the United States in 1884, where he brilliantly adapted the principle of rotating magnetic field for the construction of alternating current induction motor and the polyphase system for the generation, transmission, distribution and use of electrical power.[2]

Into the early 1900s Europe remained the center of science research, notably in England and Germany. From the 1920s onwards, the tensions heralding the onset of World War II spurred sporadic but steady scientific emigration, or "Brain Drain", in Europe. Many of these emigrants were Jewish scientists, fearing the repercussions of anti-Semitism, especially in Germany and Italy, and sought sanctuary in the United States.[3] One of the first to do so was Albert Einstein in 1933. At his urging, and often with his support, a good percentage of Germany's theoretical physics community, previously the best in the world, left for the US. Enrico Fermi, came from Italy in 1938 and led the work that produced the world's first self-sustaining nuclear chain reaction. Many other scientists of note moved to the US during this same emigration wave, including Niels Bohr, Victor Weisskopf, Otto Stern, and Eugene Wigner.[4]

Indeed, several scientific and technological breakthroughs during the Atomic Age were the handiwork of such immigrants, who recognized the potential threats and uses of new technology. For instance, it was the German professor Einstein and his Hungarian colleague, Le Szilrd, who took the initiative and convinced president Franklin D. Roosevelt to pursue the pivotal Manhattan Project.[5] Many physicists instrumental to the project were also European immigrants, such as the Hungarian Edward Teller, "father of the hydrogen bomb,"[6] and German Nobel laureate Hans Bethe. Their scientific contributions, combined with Allied resources and facilities helped establish the United States during World War II as an unrivaled scientific juggernaut. In fact, the Manhattan Project's Operation Alsos and its components, while not designed to recruit European scientists, successfully collected and evaluated Axis military scientific research at the end of the war, especially that of the German nuclear energy project, only to conclude that it was years behind its American counterpart.[7]

1 http://usinfo.org/enus/government/social/ch7.htm
2 http://www.teslasociety.com/biography.htm
3 Angelo, Joseph A.. Nuclear Technology (Westport: Greenwood, 2004), 17
4 Isaacson, Walter. Einstein: His Life and His Universe (New York: Simon & Schuster, 2007), 407
5 Isaacson, Walter. Einstein: His Life and His Universe (New York: Simon & Schuster, 2007), 473
6 Teller, Edward. Memoirs: A Twentieth Century Journey in Science and Politics (Cambridge: Perseus, 2001), 546
7 Gimbel, John. "German Scientists, United States Denazification Policy, and the 'Paperclip Conspiracy,'" The International History Review, Vol. 12, No. 3 (Aug., 1990): 448-449.

(From Wikipedia, the free encyclopedia)
