OPT STEM Extension is a great thing for both international students and America.

A large portion of PhD students majoring in STEM areas are international students and they have made tremendous contribution in various research area. For example, in the ECE department of my university in Alabama, almost 80% of PhDs are from abroad. The academic publications written by international students occupy 80% of the total publications. Without OPT STEM extension, less and less international students would come to the US which is a big loss to America academic society. Considering the complexity of STEM majors, studying purely in the university is not enough for international students to build solid background for their future career, and OPT STEM extension offers international students the opportunities to fill the gap between school and real industry. Without OPT STEM extension, at least I personally would not choose US for graduate study. 

I admit that canceling OPT STEM extension would offer more job opportunities to America-born students, in the short term. In the long run, as less and less talents come to study in the US, I dont believe America would keep this fast trend of increasing its economy and developing its technology. At that time, who knows how many job openings would be there for American citizen students majoring in STEM areas. Sometimes, people just have to think what would happen in the future without OPT STEM extension. 

The below story is quoted from the publication of NASA which is named why explore space?, and can be used to support my statement of supporting OPT STEM extension. In the short term, townspeople below would get more bread from the count by stop supporting the Strange Man, just like American citizens would get more job opportunities by canceling OPT extension for international students. In the long run, there may be no microscope invented for the townspeople and America.

Below story quoted from NASA publication "Why Explore Space?"
"Abo