I strongly agree to extend the OPT STEM period to 24 months for the following 3 reasons:

1. For students study in U.S. alone, they are more independent to the local company here compared to citizens. I have been worked in KPMG for 2 years and audited lots and lots of company, and I witnessed all kinds of dark side relating to fraud, like scheme and collision. They are less likely to be conducted by people who are here alone and do not have access to someone they trust that might have the intention to conduct fraud. So combine STEM student with citizens in one company would largely reduce the risk of conducting fraud.

2. Most of STEM students come from other countries and are been selected to U.S., and actually, they do not get education only in U.S., but also in their home country. Most of them come from countries with fierce competition not happened here, and they all get through it. So they are very capable of handling stress and large amount of workloads and it gives them a sense of accomplishment after completing the challenge. Also they are more respectful to their boss and company.

3. Though extend the OPT STEM period will give more pressure to locals here in job pursuing process, but I want to say, I take pride in my work and I hope to work with people that are hardworking and be serious about their work. I know a lot of students who study here actually have very good family in their home country and are affordable for them to live here, but they choose to live on their own and start a new life. It reminds me of the reason why America is established. I do want to have more vivid and positive young people around me in my working environment.

Right now I am a student in Fordham University in NY and will start working in PwC after graduation, but I have to wait and see the H1B result to be able to work here though I have put a lot of effort in networking and studying. Our passion to future is determined by a piece of file, by winning a lottery. To be honest,