I think it would be wise decision to expand the OPT extension duration for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM degrees. 

I am currently under OPT visa working in a well-known brand in online TV streaming. Our company has almost 1000 employees and I would say immigrants, especially those under OPT visas plays a very important role in the company. Every department, tech or non-tech, marketing or sale, I can see an immigrant working hard for his American dream just like me. However, year by year, it is getting harder and harder for a STEM degree student to get a working VISA from petition. This year, only 6 out of 10 master or above degree student get a working visa and only 3 out of 10 bachelor degree student can get a working visa.

With the current 17-month extension, I would say a lot of my hard-working fellas in my company, in fact it also includes me, would have to face the destiny to quit job no matter how big contribution we have made to our company. On the other hand, my employer, would have to constantly deal with brain drain. Only this time the brain drain does not come from competitors, but from an outdated immigration policy. 

I have seen a lot of oppositions for this proposal. The main argument they propose is that, immigrants took most of the job opportunities from native Americans. But the truth is, we didn't steal the jobs from native Americans, we took the jobs THAT AMERICAN CITIZENS DON'T LIKE. Anyone who learned a STEM major in any university would find foreign students always takes a large portion in the STEM departments. And the same situation happens in STEM career fairs, interviews. IMMIGRANTS ARE NOT COMPETING AGAINST NATIVE AMERICANS, IMMIGRANTS ARE COMPETING AGAINST EACH OTHER! And the competition is only to become more and more brutal had F-1 OPT extension not going to expand. 

I hope anyone who is involved in making this decision would take a rational view on how much impact immigrants have made to the US. United States is a great countr