Im a supporter of 24-month OPT extension action.
Yes, Im a foreign student on OPT extension right now, and it is also true that my employer is satisfied with my performance. This could be the reason that some people question about offering extended benefits for foreign students after graduation. What if people like us take up too many positions in the US? What will be left for real American citizens? In my opinion, their worries are not unreasonable, but most of them overlook specific details of OPT.
First of all, OPT are short of optional practice training, which means some students would not even apply for it after getting their degree. Take me for example, at least 20% percent of my foreign classmates went back to their home country right after graduation. We are studying thousands of miles away from home for years, not to mention applying for OPT takes money and time, its quite common kids want to go back and have family reunion. On the other hand, college tuitions and fees are extremely expensive for foreigners since we usually do not have discount as domestic students. This means a large part of foreign students, especially undergraduates, come from families with decent income level, rather than we are trying to escape from poverty and war. Many of us just want to see the world and gain some experience, then go back to our not so rich motherland and make money. Usually, with US degrees and working experience, we are competitive in the job market in our hometown.
Second, among those who decide to use OPT, its just a beginning. Its only more difficult for a foreigner to find a same job as native workers. I sent out 150 applications to get my current job, and my foreign roommate took a year to finally get a slightly better job. In my class of year 2014, only 5 out of 20 international students got a job. They all tried until the last minutes of the 3-month grace period. We find a job because we failed thousands of times before this one, not because we are cheap la