I am a foreign national, and was an international student and completed my PhD degree at a top-10 public university. I am currently on STEM OPT working in academia, so technically I don't need STEM OPT and my application to J-1 or H-1b visa won't be capped. I had paid $380 for applying STEM OPT but the court ruling that vacated STEM OPT made my employer pay another $290 to maintain a legal immigration status for me.

All that was stated above means that STEM OPT, even if extended to 24 or 36 or 48 months, will not benefit myself any longer. However, what I want to say here is that STEM OPT greatly benefits the United States as a nation; limiting the possibility for international students to get practical training in the US will lead to great loss for the American people.

First, the approval or disapproval of the STEM OPT rule will show the world what role the United States is playing in the 21st century. Is United States the same country that is open for great minds, latest technologies, and diverse culture as before? Will United States continue to lead the footprints of human civilization and propagate its core values to the entire world? The STEM OPT rule is actually a pretty small issue that affects about 100,000 students in this country. I hope the United States is not so fragile that it would collapse by allowing these students to get some training and have some experience in the most advanced territory in the world.

Second, not every international student would die for just being eligible to be employed in the US. If the United States is unwilling to let us stay here for a few years' training, we would simply go back to our home countries and get a job there, probably with lower living cost. THE HARD TRUTH is that if you are capable and strong enough and have the right skill set, NOBODY can prevent you from being employed, whether in the US or in other countries. The United States is in shortage of workers in the STEM degrees, and deporting a good chunk of s