Dear Katherine/DHS officer,


I REJECT this OPT EXTENSION RULE because it doesn't support US WORKERS interests at all. The way this rule is published for comments and the comments that are now flooding this post shows that you want to publish this rule in a hurry without any citizen/US worker noticing it. This proposal has received minimum media coverage and most of the US citizens have no idea about what is OPT and what are its potential implications to American workers interests. This should ideally be published and made a law by a debate through US congress. Your last rule turned out to be a disaster for you and this extended rule covering the possible cap gap thing for foreign workers to stay here permanently and apply for green cards is nothing but a massive immigration scam. Any investigation about this from justice department would lead to dire consequences to your office. That really shows your warped priorities to jump into the scene to protect the US multinational corporations that evade tax and employ cheap labor to mint more money. This rule requires more public attention and you should not allow foreign students or workers to comment on this post because they are the one directly benefiting from this rule.

So I hereby request you to publicize this rule to media/newpapers/TV channels/ US lawmakers in the congress. Ideally, they should have a debate on these issues on congress before this goes to a law. The way you sneak this rule through backdoor to publish it without due public notice is very suspicious. Most of this rule is to make these students stay permanently in USA. We don't want these talent to survive as a country in among other nations in the world. We have enough talents and enough resources to make a big change in the world already. We don't need a intellectual import to save my country from lack of intelligent or creative brains/brain drain baloney you talk about. Most of these comments are supportive in nature and are posted by Indian/Chin