I strongly SUPPORT the proposal, this is because the following reasons:

1. Usually, people who get OPT extension is the one that competitive and got degree from U.S. university. These people will make a great contributions to the U.S. in every area, especially high technology. U.S. should let them keep making enough contributions to support high-speed development of the U.S. 

2. 12+24 month is totally better than 12+17 month because a lot of projects last 2-3 years. For example, I graduate from last year and i am working as a contractor and my period is 12/16/2016. However, my project last until 2017. I definitely want to finish my whole project so that I will not be cut off from middle and my project can be done perfectly eventually. It is good experience for my next career move if I can finish whole thing before I go back to my homeland. 

3. I disagree with people who think they cannot find jobs just because of international students. I believe if a native have the same ability with an international student, It is a higher probability that the native got the offer. And a lot of positions need native status and they didn't sponsor H1B. The area that can sponsor H1B mostly is for high tech, and you know the high tech lead the world's development now. And the OPT and H1B make the competition more fair. International student who can get the job because they are excellent and they can contribute to U.S. company. There should be no sense if U.S. refuse these excellent people's contribution which will bring more benefit to U.S.

4. When international student come to U.S. or even they graduate and earn money in U.S., they pay a lot for their life which definitely increase local economy. For example, they will go to the market, shopping, buying cars, travelling. Their life spend will totally bring more positions. I can say that foreign student also pay a lot for their tuition fee which is good for university.

There are still a lot of reasons to support this proposal, i