Erving Dager I strongly support this STEM OPT Extension rule for the following reasons.

First of all, looking back to history of United States, foreign talents made big contribution to each field of this strongest nation. Albert Einstein, a Germany-born physicist, traveled from Germany to USA because of its advanced quality of science research and free policy for Jews. He developed the general theory of relativity, and helped United States win the race to build the atomic bomb, which finally terminated the World War 2. David Ho, a Taiwanese American HIV researcher who is famous for pioneering contributions to treatment of AIDS. His Highly Active Antiretroviral Therapy saved so many people tortured by HIV. 

Second, as far as I know from the job hunting and working environment, still in the STEM field, the American citizens are needless to say much better in presentation in the interviews, and they have a better known background. Most interviewer would know an average American high school or university, but they would only have heard of top 3 universities in another country at most. So the American and non American candidates are not even competing 'equally'. Have the STEM students been protesting about the unspoken rule of this recruiting process? Never. They still work hard and send out hundreds of resumes, and they try to compete with much better grades and hard work.

Third, if we cancel the extension rule, what will happen to United States? This nation will lose so many young talents to work for this country because it is so hard to get work visa, and then restrict innovative invents in various areas such as IT, natural science, military, finance, and so on. If a country loses its creativity, it cannot maintain power and also no longer dominate the world.

All in all, if people don't work hard, they will be obsoleted. If a country doesn't choose the best incentive for it's people to learn and work, and for it's companies to grow and profit, this country will be surpassed. The best feature of America is its freedom and diversity, which is the most important reason why it's attracting people from different cultures and backgrounds to unite and prosper over the years. The proposal of STEM extension will definitely be beneficial to the people of the US, and the future of human beings.
