As a STEM PhD researcher, I strongly support this proposal.

First, many STEM F-1 students seeking OPT, esp. those pursuing a PhD degree in the US, intend to use the OPT status for their postdoctoral training (postdoc), which is a period during which the students apply what they have learnt during their PhD study in the US to new research projects and learn to be an independent researcher. During a postdoc, the students are usually much more productive and creative than their PhD years because they now have more years of experience in research. More importantly, they usually join a new lab for postdoc and bring what they have learnt from their PhD lab to the new one. As a result, the new lab will get a surge in research ideas and the amount of work done. Therefore, I believe enabling the F-1 student to do a postdoc in the US right after their graduation with a US PhD is a win-win situation for both the students' learning/working experience AND the advancement of science and technology of the US and even the human society. The US research labs have spent lots of resources training these international PhD students, and the postdoc is a sensible choice for the US research community to get paid back by these students.

In terms of the time frame, a postdoc is typically 3 years (some fields, such as biology, may have more years). People need this number of years because one year is usually only enough for getting everything started, and more challenging projects solving more important problems simply need more years to be done. The OPT program extended to 36 months is the easiest solution for these students to legally stay in the US with a non-immigration visa for the period of their postdoctoral training. If OPT is only 12 months and cannot be extended, these students have to start applying for another visa status soon after they start their postdoc to get it in time for the second year. However, many postdoc positions are renewed each year based on performance, which i