As an international student who studied at Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism, my major is still classified as liberal arts, despite my degree is actually called a Master of Science. This has put students like me in a dilemma. On our I-20, the program's CIP (Classification of Instructional Program) is one of the followings:

09.04) Journalism.
09.0401) Journalism.
09.0402) Broadcast Journalism.
09.0404) Photojournalism.
09.0499) Journalism, Other.

This makes us only eligible for a 12-month Optional Practical Training (OPT) instead of a 29-month OPT or this upcoming 36-month OPT for students in so-called science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) majors. That might have reflected reality a couple years ago before the digital revolution took place, but nowadays, journalists really must learn coding as well, meaning programming languages such as python, in addition to understanding HTML5, Flash, CSS, adapting story to display on smart devices, etc. 

As a matter of fact, New York University has recognized this and turned their journalism program CIP to 09.0702 Digital Communication and Media/Multimedia as explained at http://nces.ed.gov/ipeds/cipcode/cipdetail.aspx?y=55&cipid=87221 which would then qualify them for the 29-month or upcoming 36-month OPT as indicated by http://www.ice.gov/sites/default/files/documents/Document/2014/stem-list.pdf. My Columbia Journalism School is reluctant to coordinate with its ISSO to change this to benefit current and future students fearing this is a foul play by NYU. 

I am writing also because it takes a lot of time to break into the media industry. Even Laura Dimon, the daughter of JPMorgans CEO Jamie Dimon had to go on a series of freelancing and/or unpaid internships to eventually land a salaried position at CBSNews. Just imagine how hard that might be for international students whose mother tongue is not English but who knows coding. You might say why dont we just go back to our home country. As an 