Hi, thank you for proposing this new rule after the invalidation of the old one, giving new hope to extend dreams of all the international students, especially for STEM fields. This so-called dream comes in two aspects.
1)The first-hand experience from corresponding world leading industries in USA to complement the knowledge grasped from university lessons. No matter how advanced the university is, classes still tend to be passive instead of interactive, at least from my own experience. Even with all sorts of homework, it never lives up the practical standard. With that being said, a position to apply our theories from books to real life practices would definitely enhance all international programs for schools and deepen understandings for students. But why an additional extension program on top of the existing 12-month OPT for STEM fields? I can only speak for engineering and the rest should also apply. At least in the computer science industry, a one-year experience does not do much, pretty much for most companies, day-to-day tasks are more or less petty and of the intro level to make sure new graduates not to screw up. CS students can hardly have any impact and hands-on experience of medium to large projects. Its only after one-year mark, new graduates could get more involved, balance trade-offs and make meaningful decisions. Thats why its quite important for STEM students to have the extension.
2)To contribute to the society. Many people argue that international students steal their jobs, I strongly disagree on the base that U.S. is in need of more STEM workers. Take myself as an example, since I have started working in Bay Area, there is not a single day that I dont receive a new position email from some recruiter of some company. That could easily explain two things, one is that there are so many openings available in the market and companies are so desperate for the talented. As of this year 2015, the unemployment rate has been decreasing and its around 5% at