I strongly support this proposal. I think there're several main points as follows.

At first, this OPT STEM proposal will provide a win-win for both foreigners and America. Foreigners can have more time to explore the wonderful work opportunities in US. And the talents from all over the world can give back and help further tech development of America. It's narrow-minded if we only concern the so-called native protection and prevent qualified foreigners from working in US. US is always a fair platform to welcome talents from all over the world to work together and make a difference for our future. And that's also why US today is such a strong and leading country in the world.

Second, a country not only need to pay attention to its future development, but also need to focus on today's situation. It's not difficult to find that many many foreigner are hard working in the technology companies. If the STEM OPT is canceled, a lot of important and leading companies as well as many universities will definitely get serious influence. They will lose a large amount of excellent employees and students. Also many families will also be involved into this big change. It's also necessary to keep balance of a society. The results are too bitter to be imagined. 

Finally, we foreigner actually don't have any advantages when was considered if having a work authorization to be employed. But even if some companies won't employ foreigners that are without green card, talent foreigners will pay much more effort to learn, to think and to get a job. They're awesome and strong-minded. I went through a similar period early this year. At that time, the only way for us is to arm ourselves with knowledge and determination. We need to pay twice or even triple effort compared with native Americans. I think we have enough right to work normally and contribute to US.

Also, I just noticed that several comments are too discriminated and it seems many of them even didn't read and understand the regul