I am a F-1 holder and there is a great international population in my university.
I support the new OPT extension for the following reasons.
1) I am trying to connect my current US university with my undergrad university. Many perspective students they are choosing between America and Canada. As far as i know, due to the fact the OPT extension were about to be cancelled, many Chinese students tend to Choose Canada, since Canada provides longer time for them to work. International students brings decent money to US universities so that universitis have more money to provide better education.
2)American people need international horizons.Intensive exposure with multicultures, many Americans, like my church friends they began to learn other cultures and languages. The development of America can not maintain nor boost without the strong connection with other countries nor have a better understanding. The cancelation of OPT extension will make other countries to lose their trust in America, since US is not sincere, this country just want to earn money from international students and kick them home. I don't think any country would be interested in cooperate with an insincere country...
3)International students' stay in US is still very limited even with this new policy.More and more international students tend to go back to their own countries after their legal stay period ends. The existance of international employees will make American employees work harder since there is competition everywhere.However, in the long turn, each international employee won't stay forever, so they are not able to occupy good resources which are only accessible to Americans, since employers give way higher priority to Americans and green catd holders.
4)Bridges International and other organizations need more time to assist Lord to grow faith in the International population in US, so they can spread the word after they go back to home countries.As far as I know, many Internationals go to churc