Just want to make a few points:

1. Only losers are afraid of forward momentum and positive changes. Seriously, how insecure do you have to be, as a US citizen, about yourself, your worth, and your capabilities, that you decided to cut the incoming talent steams, just so you may keep your job for a few more years? Do you really think, to weaken your country intellectually, financially, and culturally, is the best practice for building a sustainable motherland for the future generations? America rose up because she welcomed the foreign talents. Guess what would happen when you turn them away? You will literally be making your enemies stronger.

2. Who are the F-1 students anyways? They are usually the TOP tier of their society! They are either smart, or rich, or both! And they work their ass off building YOUR country. They are not criminals. They are not illegal. Get your facts straight first before you let your fear run your life. And if you are really that concerned and scared, then find a better way to MANAGE and filter the incoming students instead of choosing to close the door and live in so-called security. I won't disclose my nationality but I will tell you this - if my country did not close her door about 100 years ago, we would not have fallen so far behind and suffered so much warfare and humiliation - and students like me would probably not come to US today because, you know, our homeland would be be a much better choice compared to the bias and stereotypes and prejudice and discrimination we had to deal with here in US. So at least, learn from our mistakes in the last century, so that 100 years from now, your children can still be proud of US. 

3. Just a question: if you are afraid the immigrants will take away your job, what's more effective to not let that happen? Is it to invest your time and money in bettering yourself, taking advantage of the TREMENDOUS privileges you enjoy that they can't even dream of touching, and making yourself a much more mark