I agree with this extension policy for OPT for the following reasons:

1.OPT provides needed talents to the US. OPT does NOT mean every foreign people get easily get a job in the US. Firstly the need to graduate from the US college/graduate school. Secondly they need to find a job, that the employer really think they are the people will make contribution to the company. The fact is a lot of student can't really find a job during the OPT time and go back to their country. The ones got chance to stay here are really creating values for this nation.

2.OPT is a fair policy, and it is attracting more talents to the US. International students paid more than 3x of tuition than local students, to provide a chance of internship here is fair. This policy shows the US is a country welcomes talents, people with American dreams. As more people coming, more money will be brought here. 

3.OPT is not really "hurting" citizenship, it is a good way for election of immigration. Some people may think this is hurting citizenship, but in fact OPT just provides a chance for work, temporally. To say hurting citizenship just because we provide some jobs equal to foreign people and citizens is not objective. In the OPT period, we can get a chance to know who are the people we want to offer them an immigration chance. Talents stay, other go back, this is the reason why the US is called immigration country, and why it is the strongest nation in the world. It is not hurting citizenship, but a way to improve the quality of this citizenship.

4.Currently, to many STEM fields need talents. If you are working in some high tech company, you know how difficult it is to hire a talent. OPT extension is not for every international students, but only STEM, which related to the high tech industry. The new grads from other countries are really working hard. the values they make are obviously benefiting our nation and people.

To deny this policy just because worrying more talents come and the employing s