I support this motion, not only for myself as an international student on F-1 visa but also for the benefit of the country. It only takes a quick look through the American history the see that the US has benefited tremendously from the contributions of foreign nationals. In particular in the STEM disciplines, the US prides itself with top-notch educational institutes which are populated with students, researchers and faculties that are either foreigners or foreigners once naturalized as a US citizen. 

I understand that every American wants the ideal situation where the global reputations of the US colleges and universities are sustained dominantly by the supply of talents from native US citizens. However, the reality is that in many areas which I would think have strategic importance to the competitiveness of US in the global arena, there is simply not enough STEM talents coming from the natives. Many of my friends and colleagues in the PhD program are not US citizens, but they work on research projects funded by the Army Research Office, DARPA, Depertment of Energy etc. In other words we are pushing America forward.

But having said that, I must mention that we come to this country because we think America has the best resource for us to contribute to Science and Technology as a human endeavor, for which we should disregard the distinction between being foreign or native. In the modern world, an important part of the core values of the US is not that it has the competitive edge against the rest of the world in terms of STEM talents, but rather that it provides the best platform for anyone to contribute to the mankind. It is simply sad for me to see that such value is giving way to the narrow-minded protectionism from some of the US citizens that goes by the name "we-must-contain-the-foreigners-because-they-take-away-our-jobs".

An overwhelming majority of Americans today are descendants of foreign immigrants at some point in the past and denying opportunities for 