Personally I believe that the 24 months extension of OPT for STEM major is a great proposal, both for the people in the US and students with STEM degrees.

As of me, I'm an international student from China and I'll graduate in December 2015, then land my new career as a software engineer in San Francisco. As part of the agile team, I'm responsible for developing creative software solution that helps sales representative in the United States to excel their performance. It'll benefit huge number of people working in the sales domain, and I'm proud of the impact my job will make. Without OPT extension, my output to this meaningful career will be hugely limited, and it'd be such a pity that I can't implement my knowledge set in Machine Learning, Natural Language Processing and full-stack development further/longer in the US. There are tons of other students in STEM major like me, and we are/ will be making huge contribution to help move forward cutting-edge technology that benefits at least millions of people across the country. We spare no efforts to work hard because we treasure this precious opportunity of being able to work in the US, thus we certainly don't want to stop serving the industry and end up early leaving the country because of no/less OPT extension. 

We help boost the US economy and create job opportunity as well. With this many F1-OPT students in the US, landlords are able to collect/raise their rent frequently due to high demand (especially those areas close to IT firms and graduate schools). For instance, rents in the SF area rises up to at least $3,000 a month and still as tech people we can afford and we will afford the rent because all we want to have is a closer housing to cut the commute hours and work harder. We help boost the travel industry in the US as well. As students with no car at hand, we tend to take public traffic and rides like Uber and Lyft a lot. The hugely increasing demands are served by more and more Uber/Lyft drivers, and us ST