
I am an international student in the United States. I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in 2014 with a masters degree in the field of Computer Science. My company has applied the H-1B visa this April for me, but without luck, I didn't get it in the lottery. However, I have been approved for 17 months OPT extension. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, I will have to leave the United States in next February, and cannot catch the H-1B visa application filing period. It would be a huge disappointment and caused a lot of troubles to me. I was very glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule. 

This OPT STEM Extension not only benefits all of STEM Graduates, but also the U.S. academic sectors. I have been in this practical training period for more than one year, and worked for several companies. This experiential learning allows me to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in a professional setting. STEM graduates should be given more opportunities to gain valuable applied experience and make connections in professional fields. The additional OPT time will provide us with more broad exposure to industries and organizations to aid in personally developing and exploring career possibilities as well as creating a professional network. These benefits encourage many international students to join STEM programs in the U.S. and allow U.S. academic sectors and companies to remain competitive globally.

The OPT STEM Extension will also Benefit the STEM Employers. Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest strategies and techniques in the field. Expanding opportunities for STEM gradu