OPT Extension is not a perfect idea to improve America's workforce quality. But, it's better than none. The current OPT gives STEM degree'd students a maximum 29 months internship period. However, it doesn't provide a very convenient way to either employers or students to work on the OPT. Why? 

First, time is limited. Taking into consideration the students' job hunting time, companies hiring process and training procedure, the employer has very limited time to have the students contribute to it within one year, which is the first OPT period. A lot companies now realize that they end up doing the paper works, buying the office supplies and piling training materials and hours to prepare the student's leave and you can hardly expect his/her back, which sounds worse than a summer intern! 

Second, it's worthless. Because of the high risk of hiring an OPT student, many companies stop hiring these fresh grads even though with highly demanded knowledge and skills. Some companies can only allow no pay or much less pay to trade off the risk. Eventually it caused the ugly competition between F1 students and native students. 

Third, no flexibility. In a lot cases the employer may be interested in keeping the student for longer period considering the project and job need. In other words, the company would like to make the student as a US worker. Due to a even sicker H1-B visa (US work visa) system, within maximum 29 months many F1 students can enter into the work visa lottery (yeah you don't read wrong, it's lottery!) once or at most twice (some lucky get three times though). So that leaves the employers a dilemma. What if the employer wants to keep the student? No, you can do nothing but cross fingers that the student gets the work visa lottery! You'd better get ready to make a budget for next round hiring. 

The immigration system in general is so broken that millions of talented students, and maybe more potentially interested in studying in the states are discouraged by th