I oppose the Optional Practical Training (OPT) extension for students in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM).

I am unable to obtain professional work for which I trained due to intense competition including competition from many non-citizens. I earned BS in botany from Michigan State University, MS and PhD in plant pathology from Iowa State University, and later MS in statistics from University of Wisconsin--Madison. I worked in agricultural research for 10 years and worked for 15 years in medical and health research. I have publications in top journals (such as Archives of Ophthalmology affiliated with the Journal of the American Medical Association). I have good references. I lost my last professional job in January 2012 when all 3 of my closest coworkers were non-citizens, all in the process of renewing their visas. I was top of my consulting class, the capstone class for the MS in statistics. 

Much of my job competition comes from the 75% of my fellow statistics students who were non-citizens. Faculty want to hire workers at 50% time to avoid paying benefits, or they want to hire full-time non-citizens avoiding payments for social security and avoiding payments for Medicare. Hiring a non-citizen on a non-immigrant visa leaves the worker vulnerable so the hires will easily relinquish their right to authorship, another unfair attraction to employers. 

The MS in statistics program has not changed appreciatively since I graduated in 2004, but I now have 10 years more experience than the current graduates. I have good references from statisticians and medical research clients. 

Yet, I now work at a Target store for $10 per hour while the university, corporations, and the news constantly repeat the claim of a shortage of workers trained in STEM. 

I oppose subsidizing corporations or university programs by using tax money to train or import non-citizen STEM graduates to depress wages and promote age discrimination against US citizens. Where is