Not happy with this OPT program at all.
When I had work, I had to train Central American workers in the art of painting and refurbishing homes. I was the only American the boss had. I refused to show them how to hang wallpaper as that was one thing they couldn't steal from us Americans. They were all here illegally, but one that could legally drive them around. When they would get in legal trouble, they would just go back before court dates and return later. 
A close friend of mine in IT got a job, after years of looking, at an insurance company in the programming department only to, after 6 months on the job, be made to train South Asian workers from India to do his and others jobs then he was let go. 
My last girlfriend on her last job had to train a foriegn worker to do her job and she too was subsequently fired. 
This is just not right. We have plenty of United States workers and college students ready or near ready to take these jobs, though at the prevailing wages suitable for living at least a decent life without worrying every day if they can pay bills and be healthy too.

Enough is enough on immigrants, temporary, illegal or work visa holders taking jobs that United States citizens can and will do.
The conditions of this OPT program appear to defund Social Security and Medicare, partially with the tax breaks given to the foreign workers and their, flooded with money, employers.

Please stop with helping corporations saving money and putting United States citizens out of work.
As for Disney, Qualcomm, Microsoft and their ilk, if I were working for them and they asked or demanded I train others to take my and other legal citizens jobs, I would adamantly refuse as this is a very unpatriotic move.
That also applies to any and all that support these programs that continually deny future work from legal citizens and the probability of work for emerging students in our universities.

Thank you for you attention to this extremely important issue.
Most of you suppor