I welcome the new rule for STEM OPT extension.
USA has become greatest nation in the world with true Democracy because its intelligent leaders believed in political freedom, economic freedom and openness and the same has been followed religiously by its leaders and people on consistent basis . By following these policies on consistent basis USA has become so great that is unbeatable by any other nation. In order to remain so, it has to consistently follow these same doctrines.

,It is the people of the nation who are the greatest of all the resources and all other resources get created by these very people. USA has proved this to the world by utilizing best of the people resources all over the world effectively and efficiently. USA has attracted the best talent in the world because of its open policies and most of the intelligent, innovative and hardworking people in the world prefer to work in USA . It is because of this reason that no other country in the world has built up such a strong foundation and remained in No. 1 position consistently for so long. This definitely benefits all US citizens not only in the long run but also in the short run if one thinks open mindedly.

USA has always enacted policies that are broad minded and the latest rule for STEM OPT extension restoration from 17 months to 24 months is a case in point. If this step is not taken, I think it will create a long term negative impact on the ability of USA to attract intelligent and innovative people to USA, as students in future will try to look at other countries who are waiting in line to seize the opportunity. This will definitely affect USA badly in the long run if not in short term and can mark the beginning of end of Glorious USA . I am sure US leaders and policy makers are far too intelligent to allow this to happen.

Though 24 months of extension may be just sufficient to gain in depth practical experience , longer the period, better it is for attracting the best students. Hence 36 mon