I want to again refute some arguments from those negative comments:

"The OPT extension will not help US economy because working for 2-3 years is a very short period":
Foreign students contribute a lot in US economy during OPT. OPT extension helps more because students have higher chance of getting H1b visa and 
staying in US for 6 years to start business and create technology innovations.

"Students after working on OPT will go back home and work against US companies":
This argument is extremely wrong. In such an interconnected world, US companies have huge business activities in other countries. Students with work experience
in US companies will help boost US business in other countries once they go home and they will promote cooperation of foreign companies with US companies in order
to bring mutual benefits.

"Students on OPT do not pay tax":

Students on OPT do pay tax for social security and medicare. Even if there is tax loophole, why not add provisions to close the loophole instead of cancelling OPT?

"Expansion of OPT will cause too many immigrants":
OPT is an employment authorization instead of immigration channel. It has nothing to do with inflow of immigrants. 
Even if some students on OPT do become immigrants, there is no reason that US should reject highly educated immigrants who can contribute to US economy.

"Expansion of OPT will limit US students' opportunities":

International students pay huge tuition fees to US universities and US universities rely heavily on these revenues which will translate into aid for US domestic students.
Without international students, US education system will be in serious difficulty which will then affects domestic students.

"US government should focus on US citizens who pay tax instead of foreigners":

Foreign students on OPT also pay tax and generate/support jobs in US. If there are no international students, how about the housing and food services in America?(in addition
to loss of revenues of US universities)

For