Supporting this regulation is essential to maintaining US technological supremacy. It's long past the time where the united states could stand idle while the rest of the world slowly gets up to speed. Truly excellent engineers are rare, and the US currently enjoys a huge share of the world's engineer pool. This is why Facebook, Google, IBM, Oracle dominates people's way of life worldwide. However, there is no say in where this trend might shift if this ruling is rejected. Such a change in trend can cause consequences affecting decades, and is sometimes irreversible. 

Unlike what history might have suggested, the majority of STEM immigrants are NOT cheap labor. Most stay in the US for the freedom and the greatness this country enjoys over the world sure, but salary is a major concern too. Therefore, the claim that more STEM student lowers the minimum wage or any wages at all is both unproven and against common sense. 

Moreover, STEM jobs ARE abundant. Unlike other fields where the positions opened are relatively stable, companies that rely on innovation keeps growing and are always looking for people with the right expertise. This is a great age for science and discoveries, and those who say that American jobs are taken simply don't realize that with a great technological advantage at hand, more jobs are created. 

The final fact is then why 24 months. Yes, it use to be 12, and yes, most people quietly get along with the system. But the sad fact is that even though many talented workers are having their time of life with their career, a substantial number of them had to leave their jobs abruptly with no other reason than missing out on a lottery. As a foreign student myself, I know this has a HUGE psychological effect on our lives. This was before revoking of the 12 month extension. Now imagine the transition period suddenly cut in half. The amount of pressure and uncertainty this imposes on a person would make the US a much less appealing place for potential stude