My personal opinion is that opt extension will benefit the US society by securing talents from around the globe, and creating more prosperous , healthy society and economic environment. While on the surface, therere jobs taken by foreigner students, there are huge potential and promises that foreigner students will create new jobs, make US more competent in global markets and contribute to the growth of economy.

Ive read both negative and positive comments. It seems to me that there are some misunderstanding about opt extension coming from the negative comments. First and most important point, the opt extension are not stealing jobs away from American citizens. A simple fact, we still have h1b cap, so the annual job assigned to foreigners are still the same, no matter the opt period is one year or three years. Second of all, the opt extension are just giving foreigner students more time to apply their skills learned from school into job markets, theyre not guaranteed to get the job position. Holding American citizenship still have huge advantages over foreigner students in job markets. There are lots of jobs requiring citizenships. Therere rules forbidding companies to provide low salaries to foreigner students in exchange for h1b visa. if an equally qualified American citizen and foreigner students get interviewed by company, there are no reason for companies to reject the American citizen ( cause the companies need to spend more money on filing h1b application .etc for foreigner students). I understand the anxiety that the young American graduates have. Since there are many excellent students coming from around the globe, the companies may be more willing to recruit those exceptional students. No offense here, its just that in order to get admitted into the US university, the students usually have very strong academic record in their own country. So this is really a question of how to improve the competence of american students in face of the incoming talents fro