I am a foreign student in computer science major and I believe this regulation is beneficial to me, companies and United States. 

As a computer science master student at Rice University, I am learning a lot in my field of study thanks to great faculty that Rice have. My knowledge could be greatly enhanced if I am able to continue a job in the field of computer science since the expertise I learnt at school is best for companies in U.S. Things in my country can be a bit different from what I've learned here. 

Having a job for a while after I graduate is beneficial to both me and IT company since they are in great demand of work force with high education background. Yet there are some learning curve required in big companies for a newly graduated students like me to solve ambiguity, become familiar with company's internal structure and internal system and tools. Based on my internship experience, tools and systems that an employee needs to learn in IT companies is much more complicated compared with traditional industries. Because of this, the former OPT regulations, which provide one year of work authorization, might not be sufficient. Within the one year provided, new employee would spend first couple of months to get started, and work efficiently afterwards. After one year, foreign student like me would need to return back to our country without establishing a concrete working experience, which is not the best for my career path after I returned back to my country. Companies who hired us, on the other hand, would need more employees with high education level every other year because of the vacancy. This whole process is inefficient for all groups involved. 

This regulation, however, greatly solved this problem. It allows people who is still desired by companies to stay at their position longer. Because of this, I would have a solid background after I returned to my country. The company that hires me would have a dedicated employee who worked for them for a perio