Xinying Chen I support the policy of expanding training opportunities and Cap-Gap relief for F-1 students for the following reasons: 
1. After four years or longer education in US colleges, many F-1 students graduate with not only a high GPA (usually more than 3.2) but also with recognized achievements in other areas, including on-campus leadership, volunteer activities, academic research and more. These students are well-qualified to work in US and contribute to the progress of their companies and the entire US economy. As many F-1 students are top talents in their own countries, their wishes to work in US do not come from desperateness, but from their passions about the industries they choose and ambitions to create even better opportunities for others. Many international students give outstanding performances as interns and tend to get full time offers after internship - which may not always be possible due to the time needed to finish current H1B visa application - this again shows that it is to the benefit of US corporations that fewer limitations are put on F-1 students' employment after graduation. 
2. US has long been the place where talented people worldwide long for, but nowadays many other countries are becoming more attractive to talents because of similarly advanced industry and less strict work authorization policies. In the long run, this might be harmful for US economy and technology progress if it could not continue attracting global talents as it has been doing for the past decades. 
3. Compared with the size of local work force in US, the size of F-1 students is so much smaller. And most of them would want to work in industries, such as software, technology consulting, etc, where a relatively large and continuous need for new talents are present. Therefore, allowing more opportunities to F-1 students will not directly threat the work opportunities for US citizens, as both groups go through unprejudiced selection during recruiting, and companies - most of which are profit oriented - would choose the suitable ones based on multiple criteria. The presence of F-1 student employees adds to competition in the job market but does not harm US citizens' competitiveness.
