I strongly support this new OPT extention rule. As an international student from China, I decide to come to U.S rather than other country like UK to continue my postgraduate study, is because here is gives the opportunity to get trained in high-tech indutrial companies. These high-tech companies makes U.S the strongest and most competitive country in the world, they can attract most talent people all over the world and make them work together so that we can change our world. But it won't happen without an open mind and American's spirit. Apple or Google can't become as great as today without the help of internation students workforce, they do research in labs, make contribution to great project. But when a international student leaves a university, he must need OPT to start a career to start his american dream, and his dream is like all the U.S citizen, who may not be citizen before, or their parent may not be citizen. Most of the high-tech projects need time longer than a year, these internaitonal contributor need a longer time OPT for them to stay to do more. I can forsee, great company like google, facebook, apple would move to a better place, more open-minded, not so conservative as some people who again the extention, if the government would reject a resource for all these high-tech companies as well as all the american dreamers.

People who against this rule is afraid of they may lose the job because people from elsewhere in the world replace them. But the truth is, most of the STEM postions in these high-tech companies cannot hire enough citizens to get the job done. That's why so many international students are here, working for companies like apple. People who are citizens with skills won't worried about these things, and are more welcome to work with us. Take me for an example, I work for Broadcom, more than half of my colleagues are from outside U.S, they finished their study in U.S and then work for Broadcom and then stayed just like I do today. It's so 