Carolyn White I support the 24-month OPT extension. One important thing to mention is that this does not have any adverse effect on American workers: the amount of H1B distributed each year still remains the same, which means that THERE WILL NOT BE MORE NEW IMMIGRATION. THE AMOUNT OF PEOPLE WHO ACTUALLY GET A WORKING VISA IS STILL THE SAME. It only affects the people who want to get H1B with more people in the drawer compete for the same number of visas.

Also, it is an extension for STEM students only. These are highly educated people in science, which pretty much can affect every aspect of a country nowadays. Not allowing them to stay means that they will have to be back to their country with the advanced knowledge they learn here, and good luck to the U.S. after 10 years or 20 years when these people have become the mainstay of their own countries. Imagine: North Korean student who has been studying theoretical physics all his life in America and suddenly he has to go back to his home country... we all know how nuclear bomb was invented right? YOU DON'T WANT TO CREATE YOUR ENEMYS. America is what it is because it takes in immigration, those who are intelligent and hard-working. It is what pushes the U.S. forward. If it is less attractive for smart people because of OPT, I can foresee the future of American's academia. Simply look at how many STEM professors are new immigrants and you will understand.

Lastly, I'm confused about the concept of the whole STOP NEW IMMIGRATION. I mean, how many people in America now are not the products of new immigration? Or even they themselves are new immigrants? I want to laugh at people who say they are "native", unless they are really native Americans. What defines "native" anyways? I was born and raised in one city but then traveled to another city and grew up there, and now I worked in yet another city. Most likely your parents, or grandparents, or great grandparents will be from somewhere else outside the U.S.. 

Let me end with a question: Would you accept Albert Einstein as your fellow American citizen?
