I support this rule. In fact, I would support even considering generalizing this rule to people with some other majors that are not currently in the STEM list.

This rule promotes diversity in STEM workplace and American society. Diversity has been what many American companies, including Google, IBM, Facebook, Amazon, to greatly benefit from, if not thrive on. Students who are from all different background and hold expertise in all kinds of STEM fields are provided an opportunity (under regulations) to contribute to STEM-related fields in this nation. In the meantime, these students can receive some practical training and acquire some hands-on understanding on American democracy. 

Most of these students will later return their own country after OPT. When they do, they bring with them the understanding of democracy learned from here. Some other students that really excel in their position through hard work may be considered to continue their work. It is the American companies' decision whether or not an international STEM student is worth sponsoring a longer working VISA. Even if the company wants to hire the student for longer terms, the working VISA often may not be approved due to limited openings each year. Rational decision-making would only maintain those that benefits the American company the most.

International STEM students are a source of income to American universities. Most of the students self-finance their education, while universities are allowed to charge a higher tuition fee from international students. Only a small portion of students receive any financial support from the US universities. When they do, they are often tax payers. This rule can attract more international students and will result in an increased income to American universities.

From the other comments, there are some misunderstandings that I wish to address: 

1. This rule does not provide jobs to immigrants. It provides opportunity and regulation for the international STEM student