michael morse I strongly support this new rule. Please approve it to benefit US.

OPT program is directly related to US educational institutions and is fundamentally a selling point of the US educational market. A lot of people come to the US rather than go to other countries because of this benefit. If the extension was canceled, then it would be a threat to the US educational institutions financially. No one would ever want to bring CASH to the country anymore in exchange of education. The extension, to some degree, is a basic sales strategy that has worked well. 

US higher education has been long short of enough students to do research. If the attractiveness of US education went down because of the cancellation of the extension, then the US research and high tech would be the first victim. US will lose its biggest advantage over other countries and will eventually lose its power. 

Some mentioned that US does not have a shortage of stem workers, which is so untrue. The companies not only need stem workers, but truly qualified skilled workers. A master student who have been in the university for 6 years is not the same as someone who attend a training course for 3 months. The poor high school stem education prevents the universities to produce enough skilled workers. 

If people do not have the right skill set but blame just those F1 students for taking their jobs, I do not see any hope in this country. Even the F1 students all left after graduation, the companies would just hire them overseas instead of hiring locals who are not capable of doing the job. 

The rule is exactly there to solve the low wage problem. The wages for a lot of PhDs and Masters are the same or even higher than the US citizen. Only some other programs(ICC who abused the H1B program) may allow hiring unskilled workers from overseas. OPT is the wrong target if people really want to make sure that companies do not hire foreign nationals for lower cost. US citizens should be smart enough to have the right judgement for this issue, right? 

OPT, even not a direct immigration issue, can also be related to immigration. OPT is itself a filter and will filter out people who are not good enough, as a three year period of working in a company is the best exam a student can take to prove his/her abilities. Those who are not good enough will get fired and go home. But those who can stay will have the option to either stay or leave after the end of the OPT period. The US government do not have to spend all the time and money and labor to come up with metrics to evaluate if an applicant is qualified for citizenship. Furthermore, a country needs immigrants, period. This is a fundamental economic rule that exists in nature. The two important driving force for economy are population and technology. Population-wise, companies needs demand to produce. Won't people eat and rent houses and buy stuff and spend money here and there after they start working under OPT? Why do people only see OPT worker taking jobs, but not see the other aspects? Remember the financial crisis in the 1930s? Nobody wanted to buy stuff, and companies had to stop producing, and so laying off workers. Technology-wise, I think enough has been mentioned about how immigrants contribute to research and product development.

If students who are studying in the US all go back to their country after one year's of training, they will soon create value for their countries that will one day compete with the US companies. The US uses its own education to nurture its competitors? 

The fundamental reason for the extension to be 24 months is that a lot projects are 2~3 years long. It would be very much a trouble for companies to switch among different workers for the projects.

