I SUPPORT expanding the OPT program for students with a STEM degree. America invested in these brilliant young people and America should let them use their expertise to help American businesses. 
Why I strongly support this new ruling? Because : 
1. OPT program is directly related to US educational institutions and is fundamentally a selling point of the US educational market. A lot of people come to the US rather than go to other countries because of this benefit. If the extension was canceled, then it would be a threat to the US educational institutions financially. No one would ever want to bring CASH to the country anymore in exchange of education. The extension, to some degree, is a basic sales strategy that has worked well. 
2. US higher education has been long short of enough students to do research. If the attractiveness of US education went down because of the cancellation of the extension, then the US research and high tech would be the first victim. US will lose its biggest advantage over other countries and will eventually lose its power. 
3. People cannot equate OPT with the general immigration problem. OPT is very restrictive - only granted to those who have studied in a US institution. It is not even immigration. It is funny that US allows a lot of illegal immigrants to come to this country for free but does not give qualified people who are anxious in creating value for the United States to stay. 
4 Some mentioned that US does not have a shortage of stem workers, which is so untrue. The companies not only need stem workers, but truly qualified skilled workers. A master student who have been in the university for 6 years is not the same as someone who attend a training course for 3 months. The poor high school stem education prevents the universities to produce enough skilled workers. 
5. If people do not have the right skill set but blame just those F1 students for taking their jobs, I do not see any hope in this country. Even the F1 students all lef