Jerry Gullion I strongly support this rule concerning the STEM extension for the following reasons:

1) US universities are the uncontested leaders of the world in terms of education and research, especially in the STEM domain. They attract the brightest students from all over the world, who can then contribute to the US economy and grow companies, create new jobs, new startups in the tech industry. 
2) Foreign students bring funding to US universities thanks to their tuition fees. This represents a risky investment for them, as US universities have become very expensive, but the OPT program gives them the opportunity to receive an extremely valuable job experience in the US. If that opportunity were not available any longer, many could not afford to come to the US to study and US universities as well as companies would lose a great source of research and innovation. These talented foreign students would instead use their US education to contribute to their own countrys research and innovation, thus creating much competition for US firms in the most cutting edge technologies. 
3) Whether this rule is passed or not, hiring a foreign student is still way harder for a company than hiring a US citizen. The rules are already more strict on the type of jobs the student can take since they have to be completely consistent with his degree. In addition, the new rule also forces the company to provide a training program for the foreign student, which will potentially be costly and administratively heavy. Finally, there is no guarantee that the company will be able to retain the foreign student on the long run because of the quota on H1B visa, which means it is a risky investment to make for tech firms, compared to hiring a US citizen so that the hiring of a US citizen is a much safer investment for its future.
4) Many comments worry about the replacement of American citizens by less paid foreigners, and seem to confuse this rule with the H1B program. As a recently published New York Times article reported, the H1B program is imperfect, and has been misused by a small number of outsourcing firms. However this is a separate issue, and this will not be impacted by this new rule. This rule does not increase the quota on H1B visa delivered, so the number of foreign students able to stay in the US in the long term will be unchanged whether is rule is passed or not. I do think that we need more control on the H1B program to regulate the outsourcing firms and prevent them from misusing this program, as a few senators have already suggested.
5) One of the criticism of the OPT program concerns the fact that employers do not have to pay social security taxes for their foreign employees under OPT. Although most of the time this should be a negligible saving compared to the risks taken by hiring a foreign student (as mentioned in 3)), it would make sense that the employers should pay the same tax included wage for both an American/H1B employee and a OPT employee. Therefore, although the OPT worker should not have social security withheld from his wage (since he/she cannot enjoy the benefits of social security), the employer should pay FICA taxes so that an OPT employee represents the same cost as an American/H1B employee.
