I strongly agree with OPT extension policy for the following 3 reasons.
1. If OPT extension policy is abandoned suddenly, it would cause huge disaster to many companies. Numerous companies ranging from wall street finance to silicon valley technology has large need to excellent people. Take me for example, I work in financial modeling group in Morgan Stanley. My company and group also recruit many excellent international students. They come from many countries: India, china, Euro, Dubai. They are very smart and work hard, enthusiastic in finance and mathematical model. If we let them leave just because of not passing OPT extension, there would be great loss to our company. It is also common in silicon valley. In many large tech companies, like Google, Facebook, Apple, Amazon, Microsoft, many employee from new graduate engineer to CEO are international. They are necessary components making silicon valley machine running faster and faster, leading to more profound revolution! 

2. Many of local citizen hold the opinion that international students make them difficult in finding a job. Firstly, they are vey short sighted and selfish, not considering whole benefits to our country US. In the age of information and technology, not even US, many countries like UK, German, France, China have great need to excellent engineer and scholar, are willing to spend large amount of money to have them. How can we expel them, making these excellent international students return to their own countries? How can we provide the opportunity to let other countries to surpass America. Secondly, it is ridiculous to think international students increase the difficulty in finding jobs. Our country is a land full of dream. If you study hard and work diligently, how can you have difficulty in finding a decent job? Our society would benefit from the competition between international students and local students. Companies always select better people to better position. Thirdly, many international st