Venkata L Vivek Mang. I strongly support this , all the negativity in the comments is unacceptable and is totally baseless.

Please go through these official US links and see how much good opt students do. Each of the links explains in detail the benefit STEM Extension brings to usa economy and how the shortage of talent is real and not how the negative comments make it out to be. 
F-1 Students are not villains. They are hardworking individuals who contribute to the economy, by adding the F-1 students to the H1-B lottery along with others itself is a great disaster, it's like putting the president of the United states in a queue at a food truck along with other normal citizens. 
Please use your best judgement and do not be influenced by the negative comments. 

People who are anti opt stem extension are narrow minded ill informed individuals who are too blinded by their shortcomings to look at the bigger picture. 
Also the majority of F-1 students are highly skilled Indians, who embrace the freedoms and liberties of this great country on earth. 

By cancelling F-1 OPT extension, students(atleast) will stop coming to the united states and what ensues will be a sorry tale,
-loss of income
-loss of latent
-no growth in companies
-no equally qualified and experienced to fill the vacuum created.
-utter chaos, that will send companied scrambling for workforce abroad(who may not be qualified)

I sincerely don't understand, why people are crying foul over the extension. Each F-1 student pays ~USD50000 in tuition fees, (at good universities), Each student then pays taxes to the government throughout the stay. Then if on H1-B they pay tax at 41% without complaining. 

Please look at the bigger picture, 
One F-1 students turns on the who cycle of economy, by buying
Books
Milk eggs meat
housing
insurance
buying car 
fuel
travel 
dining outside
Indian restaurants
shopping malls
the biggest ones are Universities,
without f1 students no university would have any money. 
This whole cycle would be gone from the ecosystem. 

By having the stem extension there is more good. Please refers the links below to get a deeper perspective into reality and kindly make for the extension to be brought into picture. 

I just want to thank you for taking this issue such swiftly and making a case for the stem opt extension. 

Lastly, it is essential that the USa ban unqualified students from entering the country and polluting this great nation. 

These links are for your reference that shed light on how necessary stem opt extension is.

http://www.nafsa.org/_/File/_/eis2014/USA.pdf 

http://www.adeccousa.com/employers/resources/Pages/infographic-stem-skills-are-driving-innovation.aspx 

http://www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2014/09/15/the-stem-worker-shortage-is-real 
