Zhan Cheng Totally agree on this 24-month extension.

Some people are strongly against this rule, stating that companies are more likely to hire OPT students because they are cheaper - this makes no sense at all.

First of all, the ultimate business goal for any company is to create value - that means they need to be profitable as to create value for employees and stakeholders, also they need to make contribution to the great good. It's very unlikely they would hire someone that "is cheaper". Instead, they will select the most qualified individual, because companies want "payback", they need skilled employees to contribute to their financial growth. 

Plus, most companies offer a salary that is based on the candidate's experience. OPT students should be regarded as entry level workers, and thus can never be a threat to experienced US workers . Just like U.S interns, or any other entry level workers, it's just normal to have a lower level of salary. Nowadays, as there has been fierce competition, even US. citizens would be willing to accept a lower salary as to get this job. I think a lot of anti-immigration people have consciously ignored that fact that companies would not put someone with years of experience on an entry-level position, neither would a company select an OPT student or other newbies on a director/senior developer position. Accordingly, the statement that "OPT students have taken all job opportunities" makes no sense. Because no company would hire them to fit positions that require years of experience simply to save some $$. If you are qualified, you will be hired. 

In addition, OPT students/ have been facing a much stricter standard - lots of highly-paid and decent STEM jobs are created for US Citizen only. International students won't even have chance to get interviewed. So in order to get hired, i would suggest those US. STEM workers to improve professional skills, i.e JAVA, information security. Sometimes I feel like some people just don't want others to live better life. When these people cannot get something, they would try to pull other people down to the mud, instead of improve themselves to achieve goals. They can easily go extreme. I suggest when considering hiring these people, companies should be more cautious, because if you mess up with them, they would do everything to revenge.

Last but not least. OPT extension needs to be in place to serve as a buffer for international students. The H1b process is broken. the 65,000 cap has made it extremely difficult for qualified students to get work visa. I think it would be helpful if Washington alliance of tech workers can help facilitate H1B reformation. Ideally, only STEM students from top 100 universities can be eligible for H1B visa, and 1 individual can only apply once per year, and the number of visa reserved for Singapore citizens should be excluded from the 65,000 list. This number should be increased to 10,0000 - 15,000.

I feel like DHS had not many choices. Recently, so many people are competing for limited H1B work visa, thousands of talented students have been facing a very challenging situation. They have to use OPT extension as a buffer..

So totally, strongly support this rule. Go DHS!
