I strongly support the 24 months OPT Extension Rule. 

As an international student, the 24 months OPT extension rule would greatly help us gain some work/research experience here in the United States. My major is nutrition and the projects of our field almost always need more than one-year to complete, like most other biological sciences. There are unexpected experiment failures and we need replications of results, not to mention the time to do literature review, study design and manuscript writing. We may need three months simply to raise the rats for the experiments. Biological science is full of variability and it is common to spend more than 1 year to discover something. 24-months OPT extension could greatly help us gain a full experience of a project from beginning to the end. 

Rich work/research experience could help us find better jobs in our home country. As for myself, all my families are in my home country and I am definitely coming back after I get some experience in the U.S. I could really do something in three years, using what I learned from the U.S. to make it a better place, and make myself more competitive in the job market back home. One year of experience will not be valued that much in my home country and as I mentioned above, the project could be just started and I have to leave. If I only could have one year of work experience after I finish my degree, I am not sure I would come to the U.S. in the first place. Education in the U.S. is surely in a leading position in the world and I could get great in-class knowledge. But without the practical experience, we may not even be as competitive as our peers in our home country since it is much easier for them to go for interviews and make more local connections in our home country.

24 months OPT extension rule is not only good for us, as international students, but it is also upgrade the attraction for the U.S. 24 months OPT extension rule will attract more young talents around the world to the U.S.