I strongly SUPPORT the proposal. Please read the reasons why I think so:

First of all, the United States can not, and should not forget that numerous breakthrough and innovations in its past were the effort of the exceptional immigrants. The United States is a country built on immigration and integration of the world. The government should recognize that crucial component of the society and be wise in providing international students who are educated in the U.S. opportunities to contribute to the country.

Second, it is self-evident that most of these international students who would apply for STEM OPT are NOT the ones who cannot survive in their own respective countries. They could get a good job there, as well, but for reasons that include (but not limited to) a better living environment, a more equal society, seeking adventure in life, etc., they prefer to stay in the U.S. and get a job. If the students graduated from U.S. higher education institutions were no better than average American citizens, WHY THEN would we see American companies willing to hire them? 

For an American company or employer, the hiring process of an international student requires more complicated logistics than that of an American citizen. But the reason the employer still chooses to hire the international person is that the international person is more competent. He or she holds certain skills, certain knowledge, or capabilities that NO OTHER AMERICAN could equal. That is the sole reason I can find that explains why international graduates are hired. They fill the positions that Americans cannot fill.

Third, it is AGAINST THE CONSTITUTION of the United States to discriminate according to a person's race, ethnicity, nationality background, or gender. Although it is a sad fact that in the present society such retrograde, despicable discrimination still exists, at least we should take action in legislature to prevent it. It had been ethical in America's history, it is unethical right now, 