I strongly SUPPORT the bill of expanding current OPT extension time to 24 months. this bill is not only closely relevant to my own interest as an international student, but also, I believe, fits in the interest of United State of America. 

First, many people argue that expanding OPT training time will cause unemployment for US citizens, which is not true. Yes, unemployment has always been a social issue we all care about and it is the government's responsibility to ensure employment equality. However, international students who have received higher education in science, technology, engineering and mathematics in the US do not usually compete against the US citizens for jobs in the same category. The fact is, almost all international STEM students target jobs in the high-tech industry, whose prosperity benefits from the talented international students. On average, 25% of high-tech jobs are filled by foreign immigrants (http://thinkprogress.org/immigration/2013/05/01/1945941/may-day-immigration/). These people work in the biotech/pharma industry, the information technology industry, the engineering industry, from the biopharma hub of New Jersey across the continent to west coast Silicon Valley, from Seattle to Boston, from New York to Dallas. Without these immigrant works, the American economy will stagger and loses its competitiveness in the the world. 

On the other hand, from the perspective of an employer, it is uneconomical to spend a vast amount of time, energy and money to search, hire and train an employee only to find that he/she can only work in the US for about 2 years due to legal restrictions. In this world, talents matter the most. Not capital, not technology, but talents. Whichever country attracts the most talented people will be the most productive, most creative, and most competitive country in the world. There is no need for me to emphasize this point. Just think about the early 1900's years when the scientists flocked from the Europe to the US. Th