I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:

1.Education is most important thing to improve country's strength. Competition makes science and technology moving forward faster. International students bring a more motivated academia and research atmosphere.

Universities and companies, especially for top tier universities and high tech companies, have very high requirements for candidates' selection, especially for international students. Most of these high qualified international talents work in core technology department in companies, such as Research & Department department. They are making huge contributions to technology in United States and United States needs them badly. 

Companies hire someone based on his/her qualifications and skills rather than nationalities. They will not hire a useless person just because she/he is a citizen. 

2.Practical training is part of education. The purpose of education is to utilize the knowledge learned to solve the practical problems. 

International students pay very expensive tuition (much more than citizen), living expenses and taxes which makes huge contributions to American economics. In return, international students should have the right to apply their knowledge to real work. Optional practical training should be long enough to let the international students encounter and solve different kinds of problems exist in practical work. 

3.If this proposal were not passed, there will be fewer international students study in America. It will bring huge economic loss for both universities and companies which will hinder academia and technology development dramatically.

International students' tuition is biggest part of profit for universities. If less international students come for study, there will be huge loss for university to support its faculty and facility.
The quality of teaching and graduates will be lowered definitely. 

If the proposal were not passed, most companies will lose many talented and core s