I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reason:

1. The U.S. higher education system would benefit significantly with this new rule. 
As the regulatory document has stated in Section III. C "The rule will benefit the U.S. educational system by helping ensure that the nation's colleges and universities remain globally competitive in attracting international students in STEM fields. " 
Many international students around me have stated that OPT-STEM extension was one of the reasons why many international students chose United States as their destination for study and STEM as their major of studies. The existence of STEM extension will certainly help U.S colleges' and their STEM programs remain competitive globally.

2.This new rule is helping the U.S employers in STEM field to remain competitive globally.
As the regulatory document stated in Section III.C "U.S. employers will benefit from the increased ability to rely on the skills acquired by STEM OPT students while studying in the United States, as well as their knowledge of markets in their home countries."

3. There are very few American citizens who are capable of working in STEM fields which means the jobs at this level does not take away jobs from American citizens. The following video shows the argument made by Nobel Prize winner physicist - Michio Kaku in which he emphasized the importance of H1-b visa for American tech prosperity. 
https://youtu.be/Qty1xqvQBrA
The OPT-STEM extension at its very core is the pavement for well performed international students to obtain training and later gain H1-b to contribute to American society. The OPT STEM extension phase will be a time that American corporate selects the top students they like in the industry.

I cannot emphasize anymore on the importance of this new rule. The lawsuit brought by WashTech Union of STEM workers against DHS on OPT Stem extension was simply an overprotective method of American Job market, and it totally ignores the fact that it was f