I strongly SUPPORT this proposed rule due to the following reasons.

First, this rule would attract most talented and outstanding students all over the world to study in the U.S., and these students are invaluable treasure to the U.S. education, research and economy. This rule could give STEM students up to 3 years to practice what they learn in schools and gain enough work experience. During such 3 years of OPT time, their work would be productive and significant to both industry and academia, and hence make invaluable contributions to the U.S. economy. Without this rule, however, one year of OPT time is not really an advantage/attraction to them, so talented students may go to other developed countries to study, like Canada or those in Europe. This would definitely be a big loss to the U.S. 

Second, the proposed OPT extension time of 24 months in this rule is necessary for STEM students so that they have sufficient time to make significant contributions to the U.S economy. For STEM fields, most projects in companies and research institutions cannot be completed in one year, instead they require at least two years or more. Without the OPT extension, STEM students can only work for one year with projects unfinished. Then new employees have to be hired to replace them, and they need to be trained again to become familiar with the projects. This will definitely not only delay the completion of projects, but also cost unnecessarily extra money in new hiring and training processes. For example, the timing of new products is always crucial for a company. If a new product was delayed, then the company may lose its market, causing unrecoverable loss. Thus, without the OPT extension, the U.S. economy will be adversely affected.

Third, this rule could let more international students stay in the U.S for longer time; consequently accelerate the increase of the U.S. economy. For example, foreign students contributed $16.7 billion through their living expenses to the U.S. econ