I am strongly against to this proposed rule.

To guard against adverse effects on U.S. workers, this proposal would require terms and conditions of a STEM practical training opportunity (including duties, hours, and compensation) to be commensurate with those applicable to similarly situated U.S. workers. This is deceptive. The Regulation and definitions ensure that there are no similarly situated U.S.worker. The Regulation deflect the issue away from this U.S. worker or this employer to other employers of the same {undefined} size anywhere in the world.Lastly, the Regulations require comparison of students with U.S. workers that is the proverbial apples vs. oranges false comparison, leaving U.S. workers with no protection by definition since no worker can ever be similarly situated to a student.

The Regulations define similarly situated as U.S. workers in other employers {not other employees of the same employer} of analogous size and industry and in the same geographic area {which will be strictly construed} of employment. Similarly situated U.S. workers would include U.S. workers pe rforming similar duties and with similar educational backgrounds, employment experience, levels of responsibility, and skill sets as the STEM OPT student.

In Short By Definition There Are No Similarly Situated U.S.Workers Ensuring That No One Will Meet This Definition So The Employer Can Never Be Liable For Replacing Any U.S. Worker.

In addition an employer is to monitor and record his own actions by attestation in the Mentoring and Training Plan. This Regulation is designed to harm U.S. workers because it leaves the FOX GUARDING THE HENHOUSE. The employer would also be required to attest that: (1) The employer has sufficient resources and trained personnel available to provide appropriate mentoring and training in connection with the specified opportunity; (2) the employer will not terminate, lay off, or furlough any full or part-time,temporary or permanent U.S. workers as a resul