After reading almost 20 pages of comments, I found out things interesting and even amusing. Here is my notice.

For those who support. If you are an international students, please don't just say that "this will benefit me in xxx ways". American people have no interest in your benefit, especially when you are competitors. Why do we post rules against ourselves for your benefit? To be honest, I see a lot of benefit from this program and I have posted a comment for that. So if you really want this program to extend, try to find something beneficial for the US rather than yourselves.

For those who oppose. Forgive my straightforwardness, I doubt your identity or purpose. I guess many of the negative comments come from some anti-immigration programs, like the one who sued the validation of OPT extension in August. Because this website just lets people leave their names and that's it, one can literally make up multiple names and keep writing the same thing here. That's abusing since the abusers are trying to make an illusion that all American people hate internationals. That's NOT TRUE. Although many American people are affected by international labors thus are complaint about this program, which is absolutely understandable and is also the reason why we have the proposal here, it is just odd to see almost ALL AMERICANS oppose the rule. 

Let's have a look. There are around 20,000 comments here, half of them are from international students, and the rest may come from true victims and instigators. Where is normal American people's voice? You won't be able to hear it because normal Americans are not aware of this problem at all. Why? Because they don't hate international students as some of you. It is a shame for our people to ask "Why should we hire international students?" If you have ever got some of higher education, you should be able to see the contribution of foreign labors during the past decades. They are one of the important foundations of our American dreams. It 