As a senior manager at bay area high tech company, I FULLY SUPPORT this new rule to improve the OPT policy for STEM major foreign students. My justification is following:

1. I am working with many of those very bright foreign student from all over the word. They play a important part in our engineering team. We have to make sure they can stay. I cannot image that one day they all have to left the team and go back their home country, where either lack of opportunities for them to practice what they learned from United States education system, or to those United States competing countries such as China.

2. Based on my experience interviewing new grads and my knowledge of the applicant pool in our company. We would not be able to get much talents from our young people if those brightest foreign students excluded from the opportunities. This is devastating to our business, and to the whole United States economy. It is definitely a great idea to have those most bright young man work for a noticeably period, such as 3 years. After 3 years, the employment system in US will select the best of the best, and exclude those that will not contribute to our nation significantly. The benefit we received by keeping them are far over the salary we pay those who have to left. 

3. United States is one of the country build on diversity, great people from all over the world is welcomed from the day one when US was born. Why couldn't we keep this trend? This OPT improvement would be one of policy to attract talents from all over the world, educate them and put then into our production line. They will bless United states another prosperous feature in a unprecedented new way.

4. Some people concerned that those OPT beneficiary will disrupt the job market of United States. I think people argument like this are lazy and jealous of the diligence people. They hope everyone should be disqualified for receiving a job, so that he/she can grab it, without worrying about competition and hard wo