This is definitely a good plan. Having some new immigrants is not the worst thing to imagine. The worst thing is driving ALL the big companies to move out of UNITED STATES! 

I used to work in a bank and we have thousands of employees overseas(who never been in this country and probably never will.) which is the most terrible thing to worry about. The call center of many big companies hires people from India to support a 24*7 service because apparently hiring CITIZENS is way more expensive than they can afford. And why is that happening?! If big companies cannot hire enough people do the data analysis job and in the mean time they are not allowed to hire foreigners, what is the best choice for them? They are business men, not charity institutes. They will do whatever maximizes their own profits. Do they care U.S. Unemployment rates? ONLY when they are still in this country!

The second point is we need to import some foreign labor source in some important areas which our people don't like to work in. I used to take Chemistry in college and all my TAs are Asians. Why is that? Because NO AMERICAN PEOPLE is willing to work in thus area. Most kids prefer Banking banking banking and law school law school law school because they are getting higher payoffs there. No one wants to stay in the lab, play with stupid tubes and end up struggling 10 years in getting their Ph.D. degree and fail. 

BUT what if no American people is studying in this and we do not import any of such labors? 1. These talented foreigners will go somewhere else where is more open-minded and friendly. What is happening next? Boom! Companies in those countries will grow and U.S. companies will LOSE in competition. etc. etc. The final result is MORE PEOPLE LOSING JOBS! 2. After that, we will have to import more products from other countries! This time, it will not be cheap made clothes and toys. It will be high-tech facilities and may be patents!! That will make our life even tougher because for the stuffs