<1> I highly agreed to improve and expand training opportunities for F1 students with STEM degrees and cap-gap relief for all eligible F1 students.

<2> This is my fifth year in the US as a STEM student. I have been actively looking for any training opportunities while I'm an undergraduate student. I went to all the Career Fairs in the past five years and I can tell you how many times I was rejected by companies, not because of my academic performance, my professional skills, my conversational skills etc., all I heard was "sorry, we DO NOT hire international student". This sentence has been embedded in my mind for long time, because every time before I want to start a conversation with any person in the Career Fair, they already labeled me as a "not-to-be-considered candidate". From what I observed, the companies specially the big ones such as General Electric, Siemens, IBM etc. are doing a pretty good job on securing their jobs for local people. I do understand their situations and concerns, but whenever I look back, one of the reason that attracted me to come study in US was the equity and respect people can receive here. In fact, I was expecting more opportunities rather than coldly rejected by the professionals who did not even try to know me or give me a chance to talk with. I was under depression over those times, and kept doubting myself and losing my confidence until I heard from my peers who are undergoing the exact same situation as mine. From time to time, I kept seeing lots of talented and outstanding students being turned down by various opportunities because of their identities as an international student (F1). I truly feel upset and being treated unfair. 

<3> To give you more specific details, I'm a top 5% student in my college as well as leader of 3 student organizations. I dedicated myself to volunteer or do community service more than 20 hours each year. When it comes to opportunities, I sent out about 400 resumes on average each year and only hav