I support the OPT extension decision. If this bill cannot be passed, the U.S. education and economy will lose the benefits from immigration.

America has a long history of immigration and always benefits from it. Many immigrants come here to chase their dreams and American dreams. International students bring in competition, so that the American team topped IMO this year. This is a breakthrough as the Chinese and Indian often won the championship. And according to the study of Duke, international students can provide more help and challenges to the local students.

Extending OPT to 24 months will contribute more to the US economy. The tuition is that immigrants will compete job opportunities with Americans, but that's not the whole story. Many immigrants are more likely to create business and companies, and as a result, they create more jobs to American workers. According to the Small Business Administration, foreigners are 30 percent more like to start a business and 10 percent more are self-employed(7.5% vs 6.6%). So the competition is not as fierce as expected. On the contrary, small companies owned by immigrants creates about 4.7 million jobs[the Fiscal Policy Institute] and immigration policy boosts earnings for the US workers, as a study of University of California at Davis shows Americans' earnings increase by 0.7 percent and 1.8 percent for the long run.

Besides, the extension will make STEM students more likely to stay and contribute more to the US. If the bill fails, they have to go back to their motherland. We should be clear that most of them are excellent engineers and scientists. According to the Census Bureau, "despite making up only 16 percent of the resident population holding a bachelors degree or higher, immigrants represent 33 percent of engineers, 27 percent of mathematicians, statisticians, and computer scientist, and 24 percent of physical scientists." if millions of talent people leave American, the country will meet more challenges and thre