I strongly agree with the expansion. 

This expansion not only gives more opportunities for high technology companies to hire more professional employees, but also makes the overall environment more competitive therefore improves overall productivity in America. Foreign students would have to work harder to get a job after graduation, because students would stay longer and have more opportunities to search for a job. In the meantime, the job opportunities at the same period of time should stay almost the same, therefore, students who have more professional skills would find the job and stay in America, improving the overall productivity in America. On the other hand, domestic students will face bigger pressure to find a job, therefore they would work harder, improving the overall productivity, too.

The second reason for agreeing to this expansion is that this would not necessarily lead to every foreign students would choose to stay in America. People sometimes worry about foreign students would stay in America and that seems to not protect Americans. This is not really the case. Nowadays people go back to their own country for different reasons. For example, as I am a student, if I have a chance to stay in the US, I probably would stay, but it also depends on my own family. If my family want me to go back to my own country, I would probably choose to go back even if I can stay in America.

This third reason to expand the legal staying period is that people can learn more and may have more contribution to their own country when they go back, therefore, improving the productivity and contribution to the world, which is the ultimate goal for studying abroad. As known to all, Americans have the state-of-the-art education in the world and most competitive working environment and highest technologies in the world. Foreign students would gain more living, working and language skills after spending longer time here. After they go back to their own country, these skills wou