Deen Ma I know why many people against this rule - afraid that the foreign students will rob their chance of getting hired. 

Hey bro, don't worry much about that. You are more familiar with the culture, language, laws and rules in the United States. And now you are holding these advantages, and competing with your foreign counterpart. Its like you are having a 100-meter race with the foreign student, but ahead of 30 meters at the very beginning. If you are still afraid of lose, what you really need to do is to try your best to run faster, instead of kicking your opponent out. Your foreign counterpart knows they are at behind initially and still brave enough to stand on the race line. That's not easy.

OK, so does that mean the foreign student finally have a chance to race with you, even if they are willing to stand 30 meters behind you? Not exactly, because of the motherfxxcker H1B lottery policy. More than 172,500 petitions with 85,000 acceptance. That means if they roll a die and get 2, 4, or 6, they will be allowed to join the race. If they get 1, 3, 5, they will still be kicked out. Wow, life is getting harder, right?

Thank goodness, life is not too hard for them because of OPT policy. In current case, OPT period, along with STEM extension, is 29 month. That guaranteed them two chances to take the lottery which gives them 75% possibility to join the race. They are just asking to extend the STEM extension to 36 month, which guaranteed three chances to take the lottery and, if you are good at math, raise the possibility to 87.5%. 

That's not a big deal, right? They are not asking for 100% chance to join. They are not asking for you to abandon your 30 meter advantage. If you are a confident racer, it wouldn't bother you much, right?

OK. Let's stop the racing example. Anyway they can still contribute to the American economy a lot. Look at your every day life, searching info by Google, chatting with friends using Facebook, or buying items using Amazon, using your Apple computer. And, many of them stay at the backstage, making or refining these products, to satisfy the customers like you. Are you satisfied?

So in general, it is a win-win case. Forget about the sensual prejudice, why not we embrace this rule that will benefit the people around us?
