Feng Wang I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:
1.According to the website (www.nsf.gov), "SCIENCE and ENGINEERING INDICATORS 2014: Chapter 2. Higher education in science and engineering", the students on temporary visas continue to earn high proportions of U.S. S&E doctorates, and these students dominated degrees in some fields, for example, in 2011, foreign students earned 56% of all engineering doctorates, 51% of all computer sciences doctorates, 44% of physics doctorates and 60% of the economics doctorates. 

It is a common sense that people in doctorates degree are very important in every fields, no matter it is research side or industry side. STEM OPT is the first step for these international students to start their career. These people with advanced degrees are precious human resources for any countries in the world, if there is longer OPT time for them, it will be more intelligent people staying in US and making tremendous contribution. However, if the OPT time decrease to one year, few people will be willing to stay in US even for that "one year", they will choose to develop their careers in other counties with more comfortable immigration policies or just go back their home counties. 

What's more, if the OPT STEM being canceled or decreased, huge gaps will appear in all STEM areas, in a very short predictable timeframe. The negative impact on the overall economic atmosphere will be much bigger than the positive impact (saying, the left-over opening positions). One should remember that the only possible way to increase more job positions is the booming of that industry, not by just kicking out the competing people, which will diminish the industry in the long round, and actually reduce the available job positions. 
2.According to the paper by Richard B.Freeman "Does Globalization of the Scientific/Engineering Workforce Threaten U.S. Economic Leadership?" (NBER Working Paper No.11457 Issued in July 2005), "The U.S. share of the world's science and engineering graduates is declining rapidly as European and Asian universities, particularly from China, have increased S&E degrees while US degree production has stagnated." . And as time flies, the situation become even worse. (Report in 2014: https://www.nsf.gov/news/news_summ.jsp?cntn_id=130380, "US lead in science and technology shrinking")
3.A survey shows that among respondents who disagreed that the U.S. is a global technology leader, a lack of quality education was the reason most cited (56.5 percent). And this was followed by a lack of government support of tech growth (39.3 percent) and a lack of financial investment in tech innovation (38.7 percent). (http://www.eweek.com/small-business/americans-confident-in-u.s.-tech-leadership-position.html).
In corresponding to this, one report from DukeToday shows that international students can benefit US classmates a lot on their achievements. (http://today.duke.edu/2013/06/internationalengage. )

I totally understand that the people standing on their individual sides, they want to expel as many as foreign students as possible, that's a nature & simple way to make job market "easy" in a short period. However, the policy maker should be aware that this choice is like "drink poison to quench one's thirst", attracting more and more intelligent people and make them staying & contributing is the history-approved way to make U.S a great country in the past, and also will be in the future. 
