First let me introduce myself a little bit. I'm an American citizen and have just graduated a year ago with the master degree of computer science in a very top university and now I'm working as a full time software engineer in Google for over 6 months. I believe I have to comment on this new proposed rule and tell what I see around me not just in Google but also in so many tech company in silicon valley. 

First of all, I strongly propose the new STEM OPT rule which is to improve and expand the training opportunity for nonimmigrant students. And I notice there are many negative comments under this proposal and since in my workplace there are many colleagues who were international students in US and I think I should have rights to say something about this new rule.

1. For all of foreign students who are now working in large tech company like Google, they are absolutely not under paid, lower wages or less benefits, however, on the contrary, they are excellent in their fields and got even higher salaries and benefits than most of US born employees. And they of course paid much more tax than others, while here I don't see any one of them who has paid less money.

2. Another important factor is that these students who help company a lot to complete larger project, provide perspective view for both business and engineering. As such, without their large amount of contribution I would say company like Google will not have current place or accomplishment and their efforts are definitely playing essential role in boosting US economics.

Another argument I have is that STEM jobs are not union labor jobs, they have skills and professional knowledge, many of them who have PhD degree in some fields, and it's ridiculous to give a conclusion like that. 

3. Provide this opportunity will benefit all of our educational institutes and attract more and more international excellent students to come and do their study and contribution in US top universities and further improve US techno