Only a few comments on the web can be seen and it really strike me at how ignorant and unreasonable people can be. Be assured, this policy does way much more good than bad to the nation.

First, for the panic comments, extending OPT does not affect job opportunities for U.S. citizens. You could not image how much easier it is for a successful STEM student with citizenship to get a job compare to other fields, let alone to foreign STEM students. Most citizens do not want to study STEM fields because it requires very hard working and they get paid the same studying much easier majors. That is why there was this policy at the first place, to replenish the insufficiency of workers in STEM fields, not the other way around. Although the majority of college students in STEM fields work hard, some do not and are incapable of handling the job. If you just want to guarantee every STEM college student to have a job no matter how incompetent they are just to stimulate citizens to study in those field, then the nation won't be able to compete with any other nations around the world who do admire hard working STEM students in their culture. And to make it worse, you send many hard working students to other nations. It is not rocket science to figure out what will happen. The nation would lose its glory forged by centuries of hard working scientists and engineers, domestic or foreign, who brought innovation and technology to keep the nation standing high in industry, education and economy among the world. At that time, you won't even be able to attract talent people to come here anymore because other nations do better.

Then, some complains that government and companies are trying to lower the wage and get more tax because foreign students are willing to get paid less and taxed more just to stay in U.S. Believe me, they can do this in so many much clever ways that you won't even notice how they did it. Besides, foreign STEM students are paid similar compare to citizens, companies 