Shreyas Achrekar I feel that having a STEM extension of 24 months would be really helpful for international students. They spend almost two years for completing their Masters and it would be very beneficial for them as well as the companies for whom they are working if they are allowed to work for a total of 36 months. The students get ample amount of experience working in a different climate then what they are usually exposed to. The companies also get a fresh set of eyes to work on a particular problem. A period of 12 months is too less as per my opinion since half the time would go in getting to know the work culture and expectations from us.

I strongly believe that a very healthy work environment is created when a bunch of people whose thinking vary come together to solve a problem. This is a very big plus point that international students bring to the table. This would definitely help any company in growing itself.

As for the students themselves, we find it very interesting to interact with people from different countries and work together with them. It does take us some time, however, to get comfortable with some of the people. The longer we get to know each other, the more we can gel together and perform better to give maximum benefits for the company we are working for.

From an economic standpoint too, a STEM extension of 24 months proves to be extremely valuable for international students. We have loans in our home country which we have to pay off. A year might be a very less span of time to do that. Also, with the ever increasing number of applicants for H1B visa and the cap introduced, it gets very tricky for us if we get only 12 months of work authorization. It may also cause a lot of potential students to cancel their plans of coming to USA to get a degree since this is a very big risk they would need to take.

I would highly recommend this rule to be accepted so that the international students can absorb as much as they can from the work culture here in the USA and eevn the companies they work for would be able to get quality work from them in the span of 3 years (12 months OPT plus 24 months STEM).

Thank you very much for giving me the chance to comment on this rule.
