I completely second this coment-
"Dear DHS,

Please do a through investigation about what I am going to write here. I have nothing against OPT/H1B visas but DHS should check the misuse of OPT visas and H1B visas done by the consultancies/employers.

Massive visa fraud is happening in the broad day light done by Indian consultancies. These so called Indian employers fake their resume and select candidates who are in OPT claiming that they have H1B visa. They run fake pay rolls and hire mostly Indian grads from US universities who can't even speak proper English. These so called consultancies get projects from companies(subcontracted by them) by showing that they have a very strong experienced workforce with 5-10 years experience. Most of the interviews with contractors are done through Skype and questions are answered by an experienced guy who will be on loudspeaker during the interview. While the actual candidate will lip sync to proxy candidate's reply to interviewers questions. Companies have hired thousands of fake candidates like this and some of them got fired. Consultancies/employers will lose that job contract as a result of this. But they will continue doing this as a candidate with US degree is their cash cow. These companies won't do background check properly and a person with a fake profile joins them. Within a span of 1 month they will be caught and kicked out. Some lucky ones stay there with the help of skilled proxies. These fake candidates will share their laptop screens with proxy worker sitting in India and get this work done. There are lots of fraudulent practices happening without the notice of officials and the industry.

Recent examples are raids conducted by DHS on couple of Indan IT consultancy firms based in California and New Jersey. They arrested some Indian entrepreneurs who ran fake pay roll and employed candidates with fake experience. If you check the number of H1B visa applications you will realize the shocking number of applications t