Elvin Beall This program is of necessity for healthy economy of United States and will strongly benefit our society. Most standpoints against it are misleading and invalid.

Technology and financial sector, the two bellwethers contributing to our GDP, demand a lot of talented international students, most of whom are well trained in their motherlands and received advanced STEM degrees in top universities. According to a consulting firm, almost two thirds of Silicon Valley are Asian. India and China, where elementary education focuses on science, are main providers of hard working and smart students. Invalidation of long-term training opportunities is a disaster to technology firms hiring promising STEM students. Mathematics, statistics, and computer science are becoming indispensable on the Wall Street. Many banks and hedge funds offer ridiculous compensation for entry-level quantitative analysts. Approval of proposed rule is strongly recommended since lack of training opportunities reduces supply of "quants". By the way, I love to work with these guys. Their projects are fancy.

Competition against local workers is highly unlikely to take place because some skills nowadays are too difficult to have. Companies have to consult professionals for working authorization of their employees, sometimes sponsoring Visas and permanent residency, simply because they are not able to find suitable Americans. Furthermore, if a firm has operational difficulties without fresh blood who can do, it could end its business, which hurts Americans working for it. Also, the recent non-farm payroll disclosed surprisingly positive figures and Federal Reserve is expected to raise interest rate. It is nonsense that we are facing job depression. However, if less international students come every year, thus hurting the consumer and travel industries, we would lose jobs and make less money from them.

A report of National Foundation for American Policy shows that 70% of students pursuing advanced STEM degrees are international. It is tough to see them go and make a difference in their nations. In order to keep the superior power of the United States, we need to keep them here and make them work for us. Stronger EU and China are threatening. Students getting the best education here and taking the best ideas away shouldn't leave. Conversely, we should welcome them to study and find jobs in the United States. Who have came and will are outstanding.

Accordingly, passing the rule is highly beneficial. God Bless the U.S.A.
