I strongly agree with the Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule that would expand the Optional Practical Training program. This expansion would allow the foreign talents to join the U.S. high tech company after they get their degree and make contribution to the federal tax income in a long term. New graduates get into the industry will have very limited chance to continue grow and make contribution to the tech field if they cannot get long enough support from the immigrant law. If we do not have the OPT extension rule, most young talents in STEM area will only have one chance to obtain their H1B working VISA, which means they have over 50% of chance to lose their job due to their foreign identity but not their lack of working ability. A foreign talent can be hired by a STEM company because he has the quality that is suitable for the continuous development of the company not because it is cheaper and easier for a STEM company to hire foreign workforce. Everyone is equal in the United States of America. The foreign students get the chance to work in STEM industry means he can stand out from the all the other people and prove to be outstanding in this area. Don't make the spirit of adventure and the dream of America fade away due to the limited time after graduation to get settled down. 

Throughout the years of development, we have seen huge amount of foreign bright minds brought significant growth for the United States of America. We can see that the USA based immigrant-founded Fortune 500 companies have employed 3.6 million workers around the world back in 2011 and were responsible for more than $1.7 trillion in revenues in 2010, according to the report. Right now it is 2015, the old OPT extension rule has been in function for about 5 years. That is right between the time of 2010 and 2015. People in the USA have witnessed the great growth of the internet industry and the blooming result of the mobile revolution and high tech benefits. This is due the effor