Personally I strongly SUPPORT this OPT-Extension Basing on the following reasons:

Firstly, the STEM students which can be authorized STEM OPT extensions are high-qualified for the job position, this is why the company wants to hire such students as a employee. So I think it will be better to extend the time for these students working in US which can let them make more contributions on the development of economy and technology of US. The extended 16 months will let the US government receive more benefits from these students. Besides, the students in their OPT can accept lower salary than American employee, which is good for the company in US to earn more money.

Secondly, getting the OPT-Extension doesn't mean letting more international students get the VISA in US. I have seen a lot of students who didn't get the VISA from the lottery after having the OPT. So these students will not occupy the job opportunity for American students because every year there are still a lot of new vacancies for the graduated students. What's more, these international students will also not have negative effect on American students when finding a job. For those who said that the international students will steal the work chance of native students, they just want to find an excuse for their not working hardly or not talent in a certain field enough. The employee needed by the company are those who are high-talented and high-qualified for the work because this can provide more benefits for the company, the process of employment thus need to consider the qualification of candidates more instead of the status of students. This is the best for the development of the companies in US. 

American jobs for Americans first, I agree this statement, but this is only for the situation where the American students are qualified enough from the companies' aspect. I notice that those American students with STEM degrees and good skills can still get employed and they are in priority to be considered when