I am shocked by the sentiment in the comments. Every year, tens of thousands of international students come to the U.S. for studying. They have contributed a lot to the local economies and the universities. They have basically saved many state universities from funding problems. Among all of them, only very few could actually use OPT because the majority of employers in the U.S. are unwilling to hire foreign nationals. The standard of recruiting foreigners is much higher than U.S. citizens. If a citizen cannot find a job, it means that s/he is simply not good enough. The foreigners don't steal their jobs. On the contrary, international students fund American students' scholarships. Also, there is a shortage of technology workers in the U.S. Nowadays almost every company wants computer science students but there are too few American students who study computer science. Technology industry is always and will always be the most important industry for the U.S. economy. Admit it, the U.S. will never gain the advantages in manufacturing. Let's leave this task to the countries where workers are less skilled. The U.S. should aim for an economy that focuses on innovations, because all the smartest people in the world are here in the U.S. to make that happen. This is what the U.S. is good at. This is called the division of labor. By excluding talents in STEM field, you are slowly killing the high tech industry of the U.S. China and India are more than happy to take their smart students back to their countries because now, the smartest ones work in the U.S. We need to realize that knowledge and people are the most important things in innovations. Attracting talents has always been a tradition for the U.S.

In addition, the U.S. has always been an immigrant country. Unless you are Native American, at some point of history, your family was immigrant. After years of rough time, by attracting the most industrious and intelligent people in the world, the U.S. has become the stronge