I see some comments claim that hiring more international technical labors may lower the wage in the industry. Also voices are conducting concerns that the new regulation may jeopardize current US citizens' living standard. I understand why people may have such concerns due to their individual interests, but I personally consider those viewpoints shortsighted. The immigrants are actually making the US citizens living better.

During decades and decades the new migrants contribute themselves to the country, especially to one of the leading industry, the IT field. In the prosperousness of IT industry, the immigrant workers again and again have shown their great value to US, more and more companies are opened, more and more jobs opportunities are created. US would not have its leading position without the effort of exotic super power. 

However this never undermines the value of native technicians, actually it make the US citizens easier to find a job. As I said in such prosperousness, more opportunities are created other than taken by immigrants, since the native americans has its incomparable language advantage, and the most convenient working status as US citizens, it is ten time easier for a local citizen to find a job than international workers. 

Do the immigrant works really make the wage lower? Yes, I would say. But, there is a huge BUT here, how would things be like if things go to the other side without any help of international labors? Does it really make sense if everyone's wage are higher? Enough labors make the economic grows fast. Inefficient labor in the market will make the price go up due to more human hour cost. And since the companies won't have enough people, the development will be slowed down, even lead to depression that companies will be closed, and offer less job opportunities.

Overall I would say, the immigrants is making this nation better. Casting out immigrant workers has the risk of driving the US economic and its citizens' life to a unde