Yijun Wang First of all, F1 students are not illegal immigrants. We are highly educated young people who legally study in the United States. Hundred and thousands of students like us come to the US and bring enormous economical benefits to this country.We literally help most of the State Universities which were suffering the budget cuts get back on track. 

Secondly, we are not stealing job opportunities from American citizens, which is assumed by many opponents. Most of the job opportunities prefer local students, who are so called natural-born American citizens, than F-1 students due to various of reasons like the extra cost of sponsorship etc. Many people say that those big technology companies are most likely to choose a F1 student other than an American kid simply because we are willing to accept ridiculously low wages, which is not true at all. The minimum wage provided to foreign students are restricted by the law. Those who want to apply for a H1B visa must be paid equal or even higher than the average wages of their current positions. Otherwise, they will be no longer qualified to work here after the end of the OPT. 

Moreover,allowing F1 Student to work is not the cause but the solution to the high unemployment rate. Extending the OPT extension is going to help the US to attract more highly- educated work force from all over the world and boost her economy. The economic slowdown will be alleviated as a result of it, which will lead to more job openings in the future. 

The reason why United States is great is because it's always willing to welcome anyone with talents and dream to move to this country. All the American people were once immigrants. Cancelling the OPT extension is almost the same to closing the door to foreign students. If it comes true, US will totally lose its attraction to the students outside this country. By that time, not only the Education and Technology industries will be harmed in the short term, but also the American Economy as a whole will be affected in a negative way in the future. 

BTW, refusing competition is the most non-US way of act I have ever seen and I'm quite wondering what happened to this country in the fast few decades. What happened to American Dream and American people?
