I have graduated from Carnegie Mellon with a Master's in Computer Science and spent close to $80,000 for my tuition and other expenses. $80,000 is a huge sum of money is US. It is more than life time savings of many families in third world countries. Risking all our life time savings, we spend it all to get better education. Programs like OPT save us from going bankrupt and help us in part to recover financially. Graduating from a world class Computer Science school like Carnegie Mellon I am sure I would be quite resourceful for my employer and there are many passionate individuals like who have talent and ideas in abundance and wish to start companies that could very well become the next Billion dollar companies. Most comments I have seen which oppose STEM extension cite the burden on tax payer or employer willingness to hire cheap labour because of the 7.65% tax rebate OPT students get while being employed but please note that It is equally taxing for the company hiring us to sponsor our work visas, hire lawyers and bear with the uncertainties of our work visas and employment status. Hiring a foreign national on OPT costs the company more than what it takes to hire an American national. Implementing this rule will have significant benefits for students like us and also reinforce a belief in students who are thinking about studying in the United States. 

While every good thing has side effects, OPT can become a double edged sword. DHS needs to be careful about the repercussions of this rule (how abusers are going to abuse it). Most hi-tech companies like Google, Microsoft, Apple etc. do not outsource their core engineering to other consulting firms. But many organizations which do not wish to invest on their engineering can outsource their tech work to other consulting companies. More provisions can be added to the rule which makes it harder for consulting firms which are looking for cheap labour and are in turn exploiting vulnerable newly graduated students who a