Arun Kumar I STRONGLY support this proposal, which would enable international students to get sufficient training in USA before they go to their home country. I am presently working on OPT in a reputed firm and have been gaining the much needed practical experience which would be very useful when I return to my home country.

Without STEM extension, I personally believe from my experience that 12 months' OPT time would not be enough to find job, get practical exposure from working. Without the necessary practical exposure, no student can make best use of his education. Most of the companies will be looking for longer commitment from the candidate, no company will be interested in candidates that are bound to leave in near future. Practical training is what attracts lot of students across the globe to USA. It would be a loss for the students to invest so much money just to get a degree on the paper and no practical training.

Impact of STEM revocation.

1)As many as 50000 highly qualified and skilled students will be sent out of this country early next year. A sudden and huge loss to the industry and universities. It might take several months, or years to fill these positions, thus companies' loose lot of money.

2)After the first wave of 50k students leaving USA, the next wave comes in mid of 2016, when most of the students who graduated mid of last year will have their 12 months OPT expired. This second wave will take out a significant proportions of STEM grads from the country.

3)The third and supposedly final wave of students leaving USA will take place towards, the end of next year when students who graduated in December last year will have their OPT expired.

4)With more than 200,000 students leaving USA in just one year, and a drastic reduction in influx of international students, it will be imminent that USA will incur heavy losses and a complete depletion of STEM grads.

5)Many of the universities and programs will have to be shutdown to minimize the operating costs.

6)Research programs in industry and universities will be shutdown abruptly.

7)Decline in the diversity of demographics, professional fields

8)After the damage is done, it might take several more years to regain the state that we are in today.

I cannot stress enough how urgently we need this proposal. If USA does not make attempts to attract the international STEM grads, some other country definitely will. Imagine the next CEO of Google or Microsoft being driven away from this country only to see them making other countries more prosperous and competing with USA. It would be wise to use the talent, the power of this STEM pool and grow as super power. No one can disagree the role of immigrants in making America the top country of the world.

I also pity the American citizens on how poorly they are informed on this subject that are writing comments against the proposal, calling international students as illegals, tax evaders etc. I would request them to talk to any of the international student and see if he/she has abided by all the laws to stay in this country legally. 

Lastly I thank the DHS in getting this proposal in place in short period of time, I sincerely request DHS to make every effort in passing this rule and save future of America and thousands of STEM students who work towards it.
