Jinjian Guo Dear Officer,
Although the argument from oppose seems reasonable with some strong proof evidence, for me the majority of their conclusion are only based on their individual welfare which lacks of scientific research and hypothesis test. I am a big data & Business Intelligence engineer who works in Bayer, next year I would like to pursue my dream in the United States and learn something more on my major, which plays a critical role to my future career success. If we cannot get sufficient opportunity to learn in the United States and work for the international corporations, that would inevitably be detriment for this country because it will lose the affinity and attraction for a series of scientists like me.
First of all, we people study in the United States contribute a lot to its economy and without our commitment, the market and financial flourish will disappear soon. Without investment from all over the world how can this country be stabilized?
Secondly, technical and innovation, servers as one of important aspects in long term development of this country, which accounts for the root cause of many people come into the United States and devote themselves here, are inevitably the fundamental of every progress for the country, while a forbidden on their working opportunities would definitely impose a tremendous suffering on all of foreign students.
What's more, the United States is an immigrant nation, without democracy and equal chances for each person, it will certainly ruin the constitutional spirit of ancestors. People should be granted with the same opportunities to compete here, rather than sacrificing the welfare of a group people for assuring that of others. In the latter case this country will lose its competitive capability but fall into the victim of power corruption and despotic.
My view is that it is highly beneficial to encourage more students and advanced technical engineers come here and implement their dreams, in that case the country itself will also get profit and benefit during this process. The relationship between foreign students, engineers and the welfare of this country should be seen as complementary rather than being contrary. Hopefully the federal government could issue an meaningful comments on this proposal.
