As an international student who currently working on my OPT, I very appreciate the Department of Homeland Security's effort to making this encouraging new proposal regarding expanding OPT for eligible F-1 students with STEM degrees, and I strongly support it. Not only because it is a great support for the international students, but also I believe it has positive impact to US economy. 

From the F-1 students perspective, this proposal obviously is a great support, especially for those who would like to earn real working experiences and build skills within an appropriate time window. As a new hire, there is always learning curve and training period, which could be one-month or longer. Regular OPT period is 12 months, and it is not enough for completely finishing a project, especially for the companies with long-term plans. The best way to get training and develop skills is to work on projects. For example, in the academia, for STEM PhD students, a funded project usually is at least one-year long, and most of these project are funded for two to three years. As reported in [1], most of the NSF project proposals requested a three-year duration, and some of them requested additional time to complete the projects. This time-window also applies for projects in industry companies. Thus, by extending the OPT for another 24 months is a reasonable time window for STEM F-1 students to complete a project and develop their skills. Regarding the total three-year OPT period proposed in this document, it is also help the industry companies to avoid loosing high-tech employees, and keep the projects continuous. On the other hand, this proposal helps relieve the pressures on F-1 students who need to apply H1B visa to be eligibly working in US. 

This proposal will surely bring benefit to the economy in US, from the following aspects:
1. If this proposal is approved, it will surely attract more international students coming to US for higher-level education, as they are willing to work 