I totally support the USICE Proposed Rule published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015. Im glad to see the proposed rule for re-instituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule. This is great for U.S. economics, U.S. STEM companies, and STEM graduates.

I received my Master of Science Degree in Architectural Engineering on May 2015 and am working in the energy practice of U.S. with OPT. In the company I have been working on several big energy efficiency impact evaluation programs cooperating with large utilities and several states energy efficiency committees. Through hard-working and strong technical skills learned in US universities, Im making a great contribution to the client and the energy efficiency industry. Its an honor for me to make an influence in the energy efficiency industry. Through consistent learning and hard-working, Ill be more professional and make a greater contribution to the energy efficiency industry. However, the bad news is without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016, I will have to leave the U.S. when my OPT period ends. Considering its a lottery process and very low probability to get an H1-B visa, I strongly hope that this proposed rule can be passed before February 12 2016, so that I can continue making contribution in the energy efficiency industry.

The additional OPT length will allow STEM students to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in a professional area. STEM graduates like me should be given more opportunity to gain valuable applied experience and make connections in professional fields they are considering for career paths. I think these benefits also will encourage future international students to join STEM programs in the U.S., bring more funding to U.S. universities, and mo