David Reed As we can see, once again the Kenyan/Hawaiian dictator Obozzo and his bankster puppet masters want to shove millions of slave wage migrants down our throats. All designed to keep working American's wages down, increase the voter rolls for Clinton crime family party and slowly but surely turn this nation into a third world hell hole. Call it the Brazilification of the United States while the sheeple are doped up on psychiatric drugs, NFL and Bruce Jenners self-mutilation. Idiocracy is here!

Here are some facts for you criminals operating in the federal bureaucracy to consider:

The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program.

OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.

"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 years - the same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be valid - there is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent."
the proposed regulations are "irresponsible and dangerous considering the Government Accountability Office (GAO) report issued in March 2014 finding that the program was full of inefficiencies, susceptible to fraud, and that the Department was not adequately overseeing it."
"The report also found a major national security problem in that the Department does not know where tens of thousands of foreign students are living and working in the country. The GAO said that 'ICE cannot fully ensure foreign students working under optional practical training are maintaining their legal status in the United States.'"
