I am currently studying in University of North Dakota and I will be graduating this December with a BA in Accounting. Although my major is not on the STEM list, I still want to contribute my support to this wonderful regulation that proposed by Homeland Security Department.

I strongly wish that this policy will come true. I can only imagine how much positive influence this policy will bring to all international students.The policy will definitely motivate STEM F-1 students to create more value for U.S companies while gaining precious over-broad experience of their own.And I am sure those STEM students will continue creating value for the U.S society. 

Secondly, I really don't think it is necessary for some anti-non-immigrant Americans to feel scared and intimidated by us, F-1 Students, probably taking over their jobs (or for whatever other reasons) and to act so against international students. Most of us are just young adults, in our early twenties, who are about to graduate with a degree and are curious and nervous to step into the society for the very first time in their life. If they can think about themselves for a minute and if they were in our shoes, wouldn't it be nice to be offered a 24-month practical training period to prove themselves how much value they can create with their bear hands and to see how far they can go on this path in this wonderful diversified land? The future is always in young generations' hand. I believe if young generations are treated positively, they will create more good vibes for this world.

Last but not the least, every F-1 Students has different plans for their life after the OPT period, some decide to leave the States or some decide to stay, and etc. With our experience and diversified views, a lot of opportunities are coming to our ways. And I believe as non-immigrant students we will make the best choice for our current situations. All we need is more opportunities to explore ourselves. There is really no big harm. That is 