My husband and I had worked in China's high-tech industry for almost 10 years before we came to US in 2013. 
With resourceful skills, experience, knowledge and passion, we were expecting to devote our most valuable life time to this country, since we believe this is our destination for freedom, happiness and dream. We believe this country is a future version of the whole world: open, flat, free, connected and inspiring and we hope we could take an important part in its growing, improving and developing.

At the same time, as all of you know, people like us barely has opportunity to work and live here except he/she could successfully and finally overcome tough and complicated status problem. We had to choose to pursue a US degree to give in return temporary work authorization in this country. Then each of us spent two years and over $100,000 totally (all from our own saving) to acquire it, although my husband got his Bachelor degree and I got my master degree over 10 years ago.

We believe OPT is a good thing for both US workers and international talents, since the former gets protected and the latter has the opportunity to take part in the competition and gets his/her capability shown at the same time.

But several months ago when we heard of the possibility of canceling OPT extension, we felt completely frustrated. We had been working so hard and spent so much money to get the access to work, but all we will get is only (less than and at most) one year! And after that we would be forced to leave US if (most possibly) we won't win the H1B lottery......For a pretty long time we almost lost the strength to continue our study and job seeking and felt doubtful of our choice and American dream.

Here we are just petitioning for more time to devote our talent, experience and passion to this country. And we believe more and more people are on the way back to their home countries if there will be only one year OPT. Even worse more and more people (especially from China as w