I strongly support the new rules of OPT extension for STEM degree international students. I noticed that many Americans have posted their opponent and and anger about this new rule, and totally understand their voice of "Hire American First". I know how miserable the life would be, if someone with student loan can not find a job. However, I would like to explain here why abolishing OPT extension or even OPT is NOT the solution to help US high tech workers find jobs they desire, and what maybe a good approach. I am working at the IT industry, so will mainly focus on this field, but the logic applies to other high tech field.

First, the top consideration for a successful IT company in hiring procedure is the candidate's SKILLS and TALENTS, not the salary he/she is asking for. IT companies have to fight to death to hire the most competitive candidates to help them maintain their market share in this highly globalized and competitive industry. Companies like Google and Facebook are so successful not because they hired low pay foreigners, but because they hired the most talented people from the world. Employees in these companies, both American and foreigners are known for being VERY well-paid. I had interview experience at many IT companies including Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, etc. I can tell that they are MUCH MUCH MUCH more interested in my programming and math skills than how much salary I will ask for. Anybody who doubt this should tried to get an interview from these companies, and figure this out by him/herself. So, practicing with book like "Cracking the Coding Interview" maybe more helpful for US tech workers to find a good job. 

Second, removing international student from US IT job market by ending OPT extension or OPT itself will NOT make it any easier for US tech workers to find a job. The Master and PhD Computer Science program in many top US universities have more international students than US students. If we force these students to go back to their hom