Dianshi Li I STRONGLY support this new rule, which has a lot of benefits to America. 

First of all, each year, hundreds of thousands high-quality STEM students around the word to America to pursue their bachelor, master or PhD degrees. They spend a lot of money (from $60,000 to $20,000 on average) on their academic program. The aim of learning is to make practice. The reason that STEM students are willing to spend so much money studying in America is that America provides a lot of opportunities for STEM students to make practice with OPT program. If OPT extension is cancelled, many students will choice other countries, like British, Japan, Singapore, Canada, etc for study. America academic Institutes will lose many high-quality students,which will no doubt harm the competitiveness, as well as revenue. Other related impact cannot be ignored, like rent market. In term of my own experience, when I studied in Northeastern university during 2012-2014, most of houses and apartments in Malden, Quincy, Cambridge, etc are rent by foreign students(more than 50% of them are STEM students). If foreign students decreases, it will definitely have bad impact on local rent market.

Second, a lot of programs in company takes more than one year. OPT extension is definitely needed to guarantee such programs can be completed. Failure of completing programs have bad impact on both companies and STEM students. Company cannot get benefits from those aborted programs and STEM students cannot get enough practice. What's more, STEM students usually need several months to find a position in a company after they graduate. The time spent on program is usually less than 1 year. Taking myself as an example, I joined in Facebook in February, about one month after OPT started. After 2 months training, I joined in an important team. I work on a very important A/B testing platform program which is used by more than 20 teams and directly have impact on revenue. I have worked on it for about 6 months, but still have a lot of work to do. It is NOT possible to complete all left work in another 6 months. If I left at the end of this year, it is hard to find another person to take the position well since it needs a lot of background knowledge and enough practice. The potential impact on Facebook cannot be evaluated. OPT extension is necessary for both companies and STEM students.

Third, STEM students usually take high-tech positions with high-level pay. In terms of my knowledge, most of STEM students joined in high-tech companies, like Google, Facebook, Amazon, Apple, Broadcom, Airbnb, Uber, etc. Taking myself as an example, 15 of my friends join in Amazon, 4 join Facebook, 2 join Google, 2 join Oracle, 1 join Apple, 4 join EMC, 1 joins Broadcom, etc, with an average wage of $10,0000 per year. All of them takes high-tech positions in those companies. Their contributions to those companies should be well evaluated. Whats' more, each person on average contributes about $35,000 tax to State and Federal governments. There are now about 300, 000 (or more) STEM students working with OPT or OPT extension. They create about 10 billion dollars tax! Those taxes are finally used for Americas' health care, public utilities, non-profit organization, education, etc. All of these have big benefits to Americas! Also, their positions are high-tech with high-pay, which definitely have no impact on human resource market for ordinary Americas, like drivers, car washers, cashier, etc.

Forth, the new OPT program with 2 years can help STEM students have enough training. With 3 years training, they can gain enough industry experiences and completeness when the go back to their countries. 

To summary, OPT and OPT extension has the following benefits. 1. keep America academic completeness in the world. 2. Promote local economics. 3. Play important role in America high-tech industry. 4. Big contributions to government taxes. 5. Help STEM students gain more training and experiences.

OPT and OPT extension has so many benefits to Americas. I do NOT see any obvious negative impact on Americas. We should definitely SUPPORT this new rules!
