hongting mei I strongly support the new OPT extension rule. The new rule would attract more talents to contribute to the economic growth of the US as well as a significant drop in the unemployment rate for US citizens. It is a win-win situation for many graduate schools, local businesses, and local residences. I am from China and I live an urban area, Hoboken NJ. Many international students come to the states for post-graduate education because of the education quality as well as the OPT rule. Spending two or more years in the states would provide them the opportunity to practice what they learned in a top-tier company and gain valuable experience for their career. Even though the quality of high-level education matters a lot for the students, the potential of gaining oversea working experience is even more attractive to them. During their study, the tuition they paid help the growth of the graduate schools, which is a large potion of the income of many US private colleges. With the considerable increased income, the graduate schools can largely extend their financial supports to undergraduate students, most of which are US citizens in necessary of good financial supports. During their two or more years in the states, they help the growth of the local businesses and financially benefit the local residences. Most of the international students come from middle-class families. They buy local goods and enjoy local restaurants. When they stay in the states, their family come to visit them and spend a considerable amount of money buying products from the states. I can easily find a lot of international students in businesses at Hoboken. They are mostly well educated and post no-threat to local safety. Local residences enjoy being neighbors with them. Real-estates companies and private house owners enjoy being their lords because they paid their rent on time every time. The new OPT extension rule is absolutely attractive to the potential international students. With more students to the states for study, they help the graduate schools to support more American kids to go to the colleges, they help the local business grow and hire more americans and they directly help the local residences increase their incomes. This is an obvious win-win strategy for american people in both short and long term.
