I'm a foreign student studying in a prestigious university in California. And those international students in my school represent the smartest students in their country and world-wide. They received the top-notch education from US institute, and is highly qualified to work on the toughest engineering challenge faced by companies in Silicon Valley. We are not cheap labors, we are competitive workforce who can build amazing technologies that no one else can do, who can drive the technology solutions to pay great dividends for the companies, who can fill the technology shortage* in high tech companies to rise their competitiveness in the global market.

I strongly recommend to provide 24-month extension to undergraduate students and a second 24-month extension to graduate / PhD students to ensure them to have enough time to finish a project in a company, and to help them to pursue different areas in the industry. For those experienced workforce who have already worked under their OPT extension, when they get another higher degree, they become more prepared and valuable for technology companies, and can deliver bigger profit margin. These groups of people are extremely valuable to US economy, global competitiveness, and innovation.

International students are not taking away American's job. We are doing works many others can't. We are helping the country to build the economy. We are working hard, legally, under the OPT regulation, to help with the globalization. Some of us are creating jobs for Americans, like what Elon Musk, Sundar Pichai and Satya Nadella did.

*STEM workforce is critical to U.S. innovation enterprise, global competitiveness, and economy. However, over the last many years, there's a decrease of STEM retention rate in U.S. and lower percentages of STEM graduates than those of other developed countries. Economic projections point to a need for approximately 1 million more STEM professionals than the U.S. will produce at the current rate over the next de