American GDP growth relies largely on the advanced technology development which needs enormous engineers in various fields. Although US natives can do the job, the fact is that they only take a very small proportion of the student population in engineering schools. For positions like software developers and other kinds of programmers, the market demand grows much faster than the supply and the increasing skilled international students still cannot fill the gap. We say now it is the age of big data, and what is the percentage of Americans working as a data analyst? While some people yelling that the international students taking away their jobs, it is high time to think about what American would be with huge number of suddenly vacant positions requiring specialized technical skills. Will US grow as before in such situation? Without the relatively easy-to-get and cheap labor, will the price level remain the same? And if this leads to higher salary payment, will it be easier or more difficult to get a job for yourself?

I always feel that no one can take away your job except yourself. Avoiding proper competition is a sign of opening up to inefficiency and laziness. The Great Britain used to be the most powered country in the world. Now it is out of the top 3. The over-protection of local people with high welfare and strict immigration policies has withered the economy and emptied the national coffers. I've been there for a few years, and I am constantly surprised by their working efficiency. I remember they circled the dimple on a street with chalk and everyone was expecting it to be filled soon. It took half year to wash out the mark completely by nature mother, no worker has ever showed up. Finally someone came, took a look and left, saying will call a team to draw the circle again, and then it is the long waiting all over again. At the same time, China is reported to successfully build a legit skycraper within days utilizing terrific planning and advanced skills. US