I strongly support this proposed rule. 

"All men are created equal", after Thomas Jefferson penned this phrase in the U.S. Declaration of Independence for over 200 years, the United States has became the greatest country in the world. Unfortunately, many people of this generation have forgotten, what made this country it is today: people, including your parents, grandparents, and millions of hardworking immigrants and non-immigrants, same as them. 

Immigrants and non-immigrants (people have legal status but not citizenship) have built this great country and kept it strong, robust for over two centuries. Among these people, international students (F1 visa holders) is a special group. They are young, enthusiastic, well educated (many of them have advanced degree, published research achievements), and motivated to contribute their knowledge and devote their energy to the United States. All they want for return is simple and harmless: some of them want to gain industry experience before they go home; some of them want to work on the best projects, with the most talented colleagues to push the world to a next level; some of them just want to start an entire new life at this beautiful place and become a citizen in the future. The most important thing is: they contribute, they earn it. 

OPT extension is one of the best paths for F1 students to start their careers, to help you and us to keep America the number one country worldwide. They pay the same (or even higher) tuitions, they do the same homework, they complete the same required credits, they make friends and study together with your sons and daughters. Why don't they deserve the same right of employment? They work, they pay taxes and social security, they spend their salaries in the US, to stimulate the economy grows. They are friendly, they don't commit crimes, they bring multi-culture to your home, to make it much more wonderful. All they need is simple: a chance to be hired, to feed their family, just as you al