Personally, I've heard a lot of rumors saying that many U.S. workers organized institutions trying fiercely to fight against the passing of this new ruling. I feel pity for people like those declaring that international students are stealing their jobs or using the so-called extensions to trying to stay at the U.S.

It doesn't make any sense to me. First, students graduated from a STEM related filed are extremely popular job candidates everywhere. If one can have two to three years of practical working experience in a good U.S. company, the experience he or she would have is priceless. Many of those students don't even want to stay at U.S., but that doesn't mean they don't value the potential two to three years of experience in the U.S. Often times, if the student went back to his or her home country, almost every employer would prioritize those who have overseas working experience, not just overseas studying experience.

Think about it this way, if all American college students are not allowed to work as interns, would that make it easier for them to find a job later? No, of course not, right?

Second, to be fair, I would agree that if an international student took over a job opportunity from an American worker because employer would pay less to hire the international student than to his or her American peer, that would qualified as a job stealing in my opinion. But that's never the case, STEM students got hired by big technology companies most of the time are treated just like their local peers, same salaries, same benefits and other employee perks. How could this situation to be seemed as stealing jobs from American job seekers? If one is really confident and qualified for a certain position, as much advantage as a native speaker already has in terms of communication, why would he or she even bother to have the fear of other international students could steal his or her favorite position?

Perhaps those are just rumors, which I really hope so, but I believe the t