Improving and expanding the STEM opt is VERY, VERY necessary for the economy development and well-being for all the Americans. The fields in which the STEM students will be employed are cutting edge industry where the states definitely need to develop. The skill sets that a STEM graduate acquires are extremely precious for all high tech fields such as data mining, 3D printer, or neuroscience that America or any country in the current world seeks as new economic growth points. These STEM students will be leaders in the field, which will bring into billions of revenues in the following decades. If these future tech leaders are not allowed to seek employment in America, I am pretty sure that other countries such as China or India will be really happy to take them to develop their own industry. In the next couple of decades it is foreseeable that they will surpass US on these new emerging fields, as well as other fundamental traditional STEM fields that are crucial for homeland security such as airforce or defense technology. Moreover, deporting them today will very likely turn them into a generation with hatred to the US, with well-equipped high tech knowledge that will be extremely dangerous to us in the future. Bin Laden is a STEM graduate. I cannot understand that some Americans can be so short sighted to only think about making their neighborhood less crowded and do not care about the effect that it may bring to the security and well being of our next generation!

A STEM PhD needs at least 9 years for education. The US universities have thrown in a tremendous amount of time, money and effort to educate them and equip them with the most cutting edge knowledge, before they are ready to contribute and pay back to the society. And now you tell me that after years of educational effort, America is going to lock them outside and let them use the knowledge and skills that we taught them to contribute to the economy of other countries, including our enemy? For those countr