The newly proposed 24-month OPT extension for F-1 students is a welcomed move by the administration. With the absence of a comprehensive immigration reform, this is an essential way to ensure that US keep the best brains of world. 

The STEM students are widely regarded as the most creative group of people. Keeping these highly talented people is not only the key to keep America technologically competitive, but also critical for the economy. The Silicon Valley is the best example. Thousands of jobs are created because these young and energetic fellows have the knowledge, the ingenuity as well as the will to start the next big thing.

A particular group of people would be mostly affected by the OPT extension, the Science and Mathematics PhDs. It generally takes about 6-9 month for Science and Math PhDs to get a job in academia. Without the OPT extension, it is almost certain that these Science and Math PhDs would have to leave the country, which would be a huge gift for their home countries, as US trained these PhDs for free. 

It is tempting to ignore the benefits of the OPT and H1B visa program and simply cry that 'immigrants are taking our jobs', especially during the election seasons. The truth is that the STEM students help to create far more jobs and jobs in the high end. Even Mr. Trump said he wanted to bring the talented people in, legally -- STEM students are among the most talented -- it seems to me that extending the STEM OPT (also the H1B visa) is only right thing to do. 

Furthermore, a self-inflicted brain drain would only benefit other countries. In my area, physics, it can be seen that about 50% ads in Nature and Science, the best journals in the area, are recruiting ads from Chinese institutes. China is literally buying brains. In fact, in our field, heavy ion physics, it is well recognized that China is the next big player beyond 2020. Similarly, India is also catching up. I find this is a general trend across academia and possibly industry. Part of