Assume OPT is only beneficial to STEM non-immigrants international students. Lost of OPT extension will cause graduate and post-graduate level education in US less attractive to international students, which in turn cause less international students seek their further education in the States, thus leading to less international tuition payment and less living expenses spent on the State's land. This could be especially detrimental to US public school, of which funding source relies very much on high international tuition payment. Then for local US students, that would mean higher college tuition and/or heavier burden on state or federal government spending on public school system. Hence, more tax should be expected by whoever is paying their tax in the States. The less living expending from the group of international students will cause a downward pressure on lodging and dining and etc industry in US, i.e. possible payment cut and downsizing in consumer and services industry. This means cancelling OPT extension has negative influence on more than just STEM skills needed or related market.

The assumption above doesn't hold. OPT extension benefits US a lot too. Those highly skilled STEM students finished their education till senior high or even college level before they receive further education in US. And during they are working under OPT/extension in US, they contribute same amount to the industry and US as those US workers do since they are producing and/or researching otherwise no company will be willing to pay them.However, US society and so US citizens benefit more from these international students, since these international students' pre-college or even pre-graduate school was already paid by tax from their home country. If US is confident about your own education system, which means you believe your society can benefit from US students after they start working even with public education or other services spent on them being counted in. Then you should be more 