I strongly support the extension rule for the following reasons. 
First, it benefits the high tech industry in the United States. As we know, the high tech companies desperately need those students with great capability of science, technology, engineering, or mathematics. However, those companies could hardly hire enough qualified employees if they only pick the employees from the resident pool. If the proposed rule is denied by the government, those students will go back to China or India and contribute to their motherland. They may create another Huawei, Alibaba or JD in the next few years, which will create ten thousands of job positions. At that time, the high tech industry in the United States will suffer from more severe competitions in a global view, which will be greatly harmful to the economics of the United States. 
Second, it benefits the higher education system in the United States. In the past 7 or 8 years, several millions of international students came to America and pursue their bachelor or graduate degrees here. It brings a really huge amount of money to the universities in the United States. If the rule is denied somehow, the students and their parents will be hesitate when they decide to study abroad, because they have to pay fifty thousands dollars per year! Everyone can see it is not a good investment if they can only get the degrees and go back home. At that time, the higher education system in America may suffer from more seriously financial problems, and then it would have to raise the tuition fees. Those residents' families would pay much more than before if they want to send their children to college!
Finally, it benefits the whole country. America is a great country that consists of various of immigrants. The reason why the United States becomes No.1 in the world is that it absorbs all the intelligent people from all over the world. Those people make the United States more thrive and prosper. To against the rule is to against the basics of