To whom it may concern,

Thank you for working on this proposed rule. I would like to further comment on this notification. 

First of all, one of the significant reason that I decided to come to United States and pursue my Master Degree is that I know I will also have the opportunity to train my practical knowledge within the environmental engineering field. When I had my 17-month extension approved, I know this is a good amount of time that I will learn more from solving real world problems. However, it was a stunning to learn the OPT extension could possibly end next February. For science and engineering fields, it usually takes more time to finish projects. And I firmly believe the new proposed 24 months OPT STEM extension will help international students, including me, gain further practical experience.

Second, through applying new 24-month OPT STEM extension, US colleges/universities could attract more international students. It is reported by NCFSA that foreign students made totally $26.8 billion to the US economy during the period of 2013 to 2014. This contributes a lot to the public schools, government tax, and economy growth. For instance, I know some of my international friends who invest and create their own business after graduation. They are applying what they learned here to contribute to local communities.

Third, the welcome environment for international students will also enhance the communication between different countries and culture. Since I arrived here, I have learned a lot of Western culture. My American friends have also learned Chinese culture (not only Kongfu). They told me it is really helpful to understand different people when they try to do business with them. As I see, the globalization requests us learn more about each other. The proposed 24 months OPT STEM extension will definitely attract more foreign students and enhance the understanding for different culture.

Finally, it is irrational to say foreign students will take job pos