This is a very perfect new rule and I sincerely hope this rule can be acted in the future.

The success of this rule will change my life and save me from trouble. I'm currently working on post OPT and planning to apply for the extension in Feb, because my opt ends in April, 2016. Due to the large number of applicants for the H1b, it's very likely that I still need the extended opt to continue work here. If this rule is failed, I won't be able to work here legally anymore and have to leave the country also. 

If the rule can't pass, there're 3 aspects will be influenced badly. 1) I will have to leave the country and pay for the debts by myself without a job. And I know most of my friends in school are all facing the same trouble as I do. The failure of the rule will lead at least thousand of people into a lifetime trouble. 2) The company I work for will lose money too. I work closely with my teammates and make contribution to our company. I'm in charge of 3 critical projects in our team and the absence of me will leave the rest of my teammates a very big problem. They have to recruit new people and give the new guy half year to learn what I've done which is a large delay for the team's project. If the product can't be delivered on time, the company will lose profit, then the salary of employees will also be influenced. There're lots of people in my company holding OPT now, this isn't e exaggerating. 3) The US government will lose the ability to attract talented young people to this country and lose the technology force. It's undeniable that tech-companies make a great contribution to the US economy, while most of the tech-companies' employees are or were using OPT-extensions before. If the opt extension rule fails, the companies' performance will be largely impacted.

There're also 3 benefits that the new rule can lead to: 1) The talented and hardworking employees can stay their positions and work for their employers. This means a lot of families will be saved and th