I sincerely and completely support this amendment based on the following considerations. 

First, diversity is the cornerstone of United States. It is the diverse and delicate environment that attracts thousands and thousands of talents to this country and willingly devote their time and effort in pursuing what they are passionate about. In this world with only more and more competition, the 24 months OPT extension amendment is progress. The OPT extension is reasonably well-positioned in further improving the diversity of the society and make sure it remains competitive. 

Second, OPT extension is necessary for students to leverage on what they have learned into real work experience and contribute to the society. From a rather realistic point of view, to apply is the aim to learn. And students with degree from US colleges or universities are eager for opportunities to apply their knowledge and skills in the areas that they have been studying for all these years. The extension is an ideal chance for them to gain crucial work, research or any other professional experience. It would not be fair to say that the sole purpose of education is about application, because education, in its broader sense includes all activities designed so as to influence the way of thinking. For students with degrees in STEM, the OPT and extension period is an important value-adding opportunity for them. And for employers, it is to their benefits to have more young people join them and grow with them. This is indeed a win-win situation. 

Third, educational institutions will benefit from OPT extension amendment. Educational institutions have been benefit from the OPT extensions through these years, and it will only benefit more from the 24-months amendment. As the OPT and extension provide students with one more reason to apply for schools in United States, extension amendment will incentivize an increasing number of students to consider schools and colleges in United States as their priority