Strongly support the rule.

I noticed that not all people commenting here understand this OPT extension rule. Unlike the 12-month initial OPT, the STEM OPT Extension only applies to STEM students, that means only students owning a science-related degree can apply for that. And this rule has many restrictions such as only when students work for e-verified companies can they apply for the extension.

So that said, non-STEM jobs will not be affected. From my experience as an Information management graduate student, i found it very hard to find a Business Analyst, or Project Management jobs because all companies prefer to hire U.S citizens who tend to have better communication skills and interpersonal skills, or professionals with years of experience. OPT students rarely have the chance to be hired as a non-STEM employee. 

Some people state that OPT students take away jobs from US citizens. It doesn't make any sense. First of all, take xx from xx means someone used to own something, and others take that from him/her. That's not the case here. Companies select only most qualified employee, and will never fire a U.S employee in order to hire a cheaper OPT students to replace him/her. 

In addition, some people are only interested in well paid, decent, and easy job. These individuals would never try some entry level jobs, or be willing to do labour work. However, they are not qualified for good jobs, either because they don't have an advanced degree, or they don't have enough industry experience. I would stop complaining about how difficult it is to find a job, instead, i would spend the time that has been used to complain or to party on obtaining an advanced degree, or learning some new skills as to make myself more competent. Or maybe start your own business. If you cannot make it, try hard, don't use OPT Extension as an excuse. Even if there are no OPT STEM students, they cannot find a desirable job, because there are always more qualified people who are willing to wor