I strongly support the extension of STEM due to the following faces. First, America is known as the land of opportunity and everyone has a chance to succeed no matter the race, gender and etc. Having the STEM provision for foreign students helps them to find employment, give back to local community and make a career in this most developed country. Why would the American dream shut down to those talented students as they are striving for success? Second, the STEM employment is by no means depriving the benefits of local citizens. Yes there are more engineer and science students from abroad to come to the states to study, but they earned the degree by huge tuitions (double or triple of the tuitions than local students which is understandable as to protect the locals as the institutions is fed by local people's taxes too), and years of hard effort (like the PHD students). They did not steal the job from the other citizens, or entered the country illegally and purely consume resource without working. Why would they be taken away the opportunity to earn a better life with their special skills? Third, thousands and thousands students chose American higher education institutions over UK, France, Australia and many other developed countries, not only for the top knowledge, but because of the various industry experiences that are beneficial for their further development, in the States, their home country, or worldwide. STEM is a big part of it that attracts those top students. Would we want to give up these talents and have them go to other countries to help them compete with America? Fourth, For majority of the STEM subjects, a research program or business project lasts for a couple of years and the original 12 month program is not sufficient for them to earn enough experience, which further means, that a US degree is less competitive for them comparing to other countries. Without certain years of experience, they are not treated any differently in the job market when they 