I strongly support extending STEM OPT to 24 month. It's very common that when a student studied in US go back to his/her own country after graduation, companies requires at least 3-5 year working experience to be considered competitive. A fresh graduate with few experience will almost obviously not be paid as well, or even won't be considered comparing to another candidate with good experience from a well developed industry like US. And a 24 month extension gives a good time window for graduates to build their experience. Currently the time window for opt extension is 17 months, however the second 5 month will not count toward another year in their resume, therefore a 24 month extension could in fact be very meaningful. Because in fact, having an opportunity to gain good and long enough working experience and become more competitive in the job market is one of the most important reason that a foreign student choose to study in US over other countries. Many international students from my master program are attracted by the opt and opt extension policy and came here paying over $40,000 tuition every year, let alone their rents, cars and other daily expenses that stimulates US economy and create jobs indirectly. Just so they could gain some experience before there is a good opportunity for them to go back to where their family were and find a good job with better salary to support their life. You cannot expect an education program to be competitive if it ask their student to pay such a high tuition while kicking their students back to where they came from after they graduate. International student are expecting their future salary to pay back when they are paying a much higher tuition than other country's education program. There are many good programs around the world in Japan, Great Britain, Australia and etc. if it is not for the OPT and extension policy in US, the number of international students would tremendously decrease and colleges and universities will need t