This proposal will do great help to America, as well as the hard working students who wish to stay and contribute. It is what I strongly believe.

Many would oppose to this proposal as they might think it will deprive americans from their job. However, this is never the fact. This OPT extension is only applicable to a few, and students with STEM degrees are amongst them. I am currently studying here as a graduate student on Electrical and Computer Engineering, one of the STEM degrees, and I can see my fellow students come from literally every corner of the world. These students are competitive, hard working and creative, just like their predecessors, who came to America from other countries, worked in the most innovative and profiting companies and have been bringing great wealth and fame to America. It is how and why America stays the strongest in the world. STEM students are the ones who will definitely contribute to the society if they can legally work in America, not the ones who would steal job opportunities from Americans. Limiting their chance in working in America will do no good to America or Americans, as people with such talent and ability (either American or foreign) are deadly needed by many companies, driving foreigners away will just make many of these companies lacking for competitive employees and unable to survive, which in the end leads to depression on the whole society. Whats more, STEM students are well paid, according to http://www.shrm.org/hrdisciplines/compensation/articles/pages/stem-wages.aspx. So it makes no sense that foreign labors are cheaper and it makes Americans jobless.

Whats more, becoming a STEM student in America has itself brought a great deal of cash to America. We pay extremely high tuition to get a chance to study in America, and tuition from international students has become a considerable source of income for universities in many states. Disapproval of this proposal will only make less foreign students willing to study in