
I strongly and completely agree with the OPT policy (12 + 24). 

I have no doubt this policy is a wisdom. It will help US for a stronger economy and better culture in a long run by bringing more diligent intelligence to US and building an open/competitive environment. 

It is true that there will be short-term pain for a small group of people who might be under pressure of losing their jobs because of the competition. However, is really the competition kicking all US STEM people out of the job market? No, of course not. It is just a fair game. In fact, US citizens or green card holders are always having more advantages than aliens to get a job given equivalent skills and abilities. Why those people are afraid of competition. The core value of capitalism is competition, which makes the market vital. Having jobs is important for everyone. But if someone is not competent for their positions, they could also find other opportunities to make living. 

The point here is, will the whole US society (the majority) willing to scarify all the benefits of having the most high-educated brains in this country but only to save jobs for those who are not competent for their roles? Plus, people who are working in this country are also spending their money which is good for the economy. Those high-educated technical people are usually diligent because they start building their life from the scratch; they are well-behaved as they are all way down to such position so that they know what are good, what are bad and what they are exactly want for a happy life. They mostly come from different background and bring various culture and wisdom - that is what I thought the most strength in the American culture, the ONLY one that combine all wisdoms from different cultures all over the world!!

Yes, some people may lose their jobs because of competition. But if STEP people stay and work here, there will be more jobs needed for other industries, for example, housing - those people need place to 