In the comment section I have seen enormous push-back, presumably from American citizens, again this proposed STEM OPT extension. Regrettably I have to say this is very irrational and short-sighted. As an international student currently studying in the U.S., I would like to offer my perspective of why I would strongly support this proposal, but not solely from the perspective of an international student who would benefit from a longer practical training time. I support this proposal also as an observer who thinks this is a smart strategic decision that can make America's education more competitive, help improve America's economy, and can actually, contrary to what most Americans believe (at least those who commented here), help open up more job opportunities to the U.S. citizens.

First, the whole idea that OPT students are taking American jobs is a huge misconception. The story that "my neighbor's son graduated from college and did not find a job" is hardly sufficient to justify that it was the OPT students who "robbed" him of his employment opportunity. Economic is hard these days, and shorten foreign students' OPT time will not help revitalize the job market. Also, from my observation it is very rare that companies would actual prioritize hiring foreign students on OPT to U.S. citizens. Ask any international students and they will agree that "OPT temporary working status" is big turn-off to potential employers. Most of the jobs taken by international students are actually jobs that are unable to be fulfilled by the U.S. work force. And it is vital for the economy and industry growth that the U.S. can have those highly trained people available to fulfill those jobs. So please calm down and stop with the witch-hunt that international students are taking your jobs. We are not part of the problem of the shrinking job market, instead we could very much be part of the solution.

Second, I would like to propose that by prolonging OPT STEM extension, you would actually d