I strongly support this proposal by the DHS to replace the current 17-month STEM OPT extension to 24 month for the following reasons:

1. F-1 STEM students can contribute more to the US economy and develop more technologies through this proposal to prolong OPT extension. Students in STEM field contribute new ideas to the IT industry and also make new discoveries in their scientific research. A lot of F-1 STEM students work in start-up companies after graduation and create jobs right away through their innovative work. Other STEM students participate in key research topics such as developing medical technologies and also natural science inquiries such as Physics and Astronomy. These are all technologies and ideas born on American soil, and to make it happen, we need the STEM OPT extension. A longer STEM OPT extension can effectively increase the amount of jobs created, technology developed and scientific discoveries made in the US. In order to keep these well-educated, highly-skilled STEM workers in the US and contribute to our economy, we need to support this proposal to replace the STEM OPT extension.

2. A longer extension in STEM OPT can make US college education more attractive and popular for foreign students, which can create more jobs through their spending during college education. A lot of foreign STEM students from China and India have several choices for foreign education before they leave their home country. One key factor to make their final decision is whether or not the destination country can offer excellent training opportunities after they graduate and get a STEM degree. They consider the training opportunity as a very significant part of their foreign education experience. If we offer a better training opportunity to those prospective STEM students who are now making their decision, there will be an greater number of STEM students going to the US, contributing to our economy through tuition and other spending. Take myself for an example, I am a ST