I fully support this proposal. For those of you who mentioned about unemployment rate and claimed that foreign employees stole jobs from US people, I would like to clarify that OPT STEM Extension is not the equivalent thing as H1B working visa. First of all, the unemployment rate in US has dropped down to 5.0 by Oct. 2015, according to Bureau of Labor Statistics. While in Oct. 2009, this rate was high up to 10.0, according to the same source. International students, OPT and OPT STEM Extension are clearly not the ones to be blamed regarding those unemployed US labor. Instead, the number of international students and the number of foreign employees has showed an exponential growth rate over the past couple years. Meanwhile, US economy has recovered from the financial crisis, happened in 2008. I am not saying that those people are critical to the recovery since 2008, but they for sure had positive contribution during the process. Optional Practical Training(OPT) and OPT STEM extension allow students who study in those field of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics(STEM) to practice the knowledge they learn from school after graduation. This actually provides an equal opportunity for international students to compete with the native US students, which also helps US students to improve and get more competitive at the same time. OPT and OPT STEM Extension is not a guarantee of job, nor a career to all international students. Only those excellent, competitive ones are able to find a job in the US. Back to square one, finding a job doesnt necessarily mean that they are allowed to stay long in the US while on OPT, again it is not a working visa like H1B. OPT and OPT extension help attract top students from all overall the world to come to US to pursue knowledge in those STEM fields that support the world to grow in all perspectives. By allowing them to practice their knowledge is what really helps the world to grow, it is self-explanatory just by looking at where 