Americans are out of work. Hiring foreign workers is wrong when so many Americans need jobs. Just look what Disney did to their AMERICAN workers. You want to see more AMERICANS out of work. Just read below all the things that have happened to hurt AMERICAN workers! I know first hand about being not hired because of foreign workers. You really need to go after businesses that hire foreigners and especially the illegals. Stop this hiring and more Americans will find work. Businesses will have to up the wages to a living wage to pay for the American worker. For too long businesses have been allowed to pay under the radar for cheap foreign labor of which many fail to follow our laws like coming here legally, getting insurance for their vehicles and many drive with no DL's. I know because I have met them. Oh and let's not even talk about those workers at the packing plants! They don't speak English and they are paid well under what an American would be paid.

A Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for Immigration Studies revealed two shocking takeaways about the OPT program that DHS proposes to expand:
OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.

General Facts About The Optional Practical Training Program (OPT):
The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program.
There are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the U.S. in addition to 98,000 in 12-month OPT programs and 30,000 in 29-month OPT programs. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines the job opportunities for American STEM workers.
OPTs are sought after by employ