I am very supportive about the OPT extension. 

First, the 24-month extension benefits US employers. Employees need to be focused to make progress in projects. 24 month extension means an enough period of time for students to join companies and do their best to contribute. With students' contribution maximized, the productivity of employers have a tendency to be better. If the OPT is only 1 year, the fully-focused time period to make progress is typically around half a year, with the rest time spent in training, logistics, getting used to the working environment, and again the logistics for the next step in career. This is very inefficient. Any company on earth is now trying to prevent employees changing jobs frequently. With only 1 year OPT, the frequent job changing pattern is inevitable. This is certainly not how resources should be used to achieve optimum. 

Second, OPT extension is good for international students and not bad for US citizens. The extension gives F-1 students more time to learn and practice in US companies, thus make more contribution to US society as well as improving their own capabilities. This may increase the competition, since the demand for work is increased. However, the competition may also be decreased since international students are creating job opportunities through entrepreneurship. As for the existing job opportunities, the e-verify system ensures STEM OPT integrity. When students apply for positions, citizenship are not disclosed to employers, thus ensuring the employers recruiting applicants that meet their need. In this sense, the bar is set by companies, not by international students. The job opportunities are open to all eligible and qualified applicants. Thus whether a US citizen gets the job is not determined by international students. 

Third, OPT extensions stimulates US economies. The extension policy will certainly attract more international students. Thus the increased demands for almost everything will stimulate US eco