I strongly support this proposal. In long term, I believe the extension of Optional Practical Training will make significant contribution to the U.S. economy and job market.

First of all, from my own perspective, the high-tech industry changes really fast. The knowledge provided by schools is typically not up-to-date. It is necessary for the international students to get training in the most advanced technology companies in the world, to learn the most up-to-date skills, and to learn how to apply the theoretical knowledge from school to real-world application. Offering enough time for the training will provide great opportunity to the students to feel the trend of the fast change of high-tech industry, and to avoid being obsolete. 

Secondly, international students have made significant contribution to the U.S. economy. According to a report of the U.S. Department of Commerce, in 2014, international students contributed more than $27 billion to the U.S. economy. The extension of Optional Practical Training program will be a great attraction to more international students coming the the U.S., and making more contribution to the educational institutions, and finally to the overall U.S. economy.

Finally, the world has become more and more open and connected. The United States, as the strongest country in the world, has the spirit of learning from different ideas, and fusing different cultures. Even though most of the international students will go back to their country after their study, they will contribute their ideas from hard working, and share their culture to stimulate innovation. This is even more important to the STEM industries. This is another aspect that the international students contribute to the U.S. economy. If the U.S. has a great economy, there will be more job opportunities for the U.S. citizens.

In summary, offering the extension of the OPT program will help the students learn how to apply gained knowledge to contribute to the world, will attract 