xiang zhang I strongly SUPPORT the extension for the following reasons:
(1)The international students has contribute profoundly to the US economy, especially through their intellectual work in the IT industry (a glance at the employ structure leading IT company like google and Microsoft will give this conclusion), Space, Energy and Defense program (Faculty and researchers in university and instituted in Engineering, bio-medical has keep increasing). These are all STEM subjects.
(2)The power of International people is irreplaceable. Their contributions first come from the diversity that is inherited to different cultures that they come from. These diversities make the innovation possible and break the limits of a certain culture. The contribution also comes from the fact that international students are always top level students from each country with a good combination of personality and intelligence and is extremely valuable to the development of any country. As an example, only top students that demonstrate top academic performance as well as highly self-motivated as a positive living altitude will have the chance to be admitted by a US university.
(3)Without the OPT extension, not only the number but also the quality of international students that will work in the US will be lowered. It is obvious that if a student has shorter time to find a job, they will aim at an offer that is easier to get instead of one that they really like or good at. This compromise will definitely place many intelligent into a wrong place and make the contribution they originally can impossible.
(4)The pressure or actually competition brought by international students to the job market is also good for the publics. Due to the pressure, the US publics will have a stronger motivation to do a good job. This positive altitude to do better hold by the public is really the most valuable resource of any nation. 
As a conclusion, international students is a valuable resource for the current US development, and OPT extension is the only way to maximize this value and I I strongly support this extension.
