I strongly support the new proposed rule of 24 month OPT extension not only because I am a STEM masters degree student myself, but because of my observation below:
There is a large demand for highly skilled STEM students in the American economy which is apparent by the number of STEM masters  phd students that companies in the USA hire. If one goes to a masters level  phd level class of a STEM degree, heshe will find that the majority of the students are international. With this being the scenario, increasing the OPT extension period can only help the American economy because it will increase the supply of these highly skilled employable students to meet the great demand. 
On the other hand, cancelling the STEM OPT rule will cause turmoil because all the companies employing these highly skilled people will need to look to relocate these employees outside USA or terminate them which is not an easy task considering the number of employed students. It would mean drastic reduction in productivity for companies. Finding American nationals to do the same job is not possible because there are just not as many American nationals with advanced degrees in STEM. Secondly, it will also cause reduction in the number of students coming to the USA seeking higher education because practical training for an extended period is an essential part of any advanced degree. If the number of students coming in reduces, this will in turn lead to less demand in the US higher education space leading to loss of jobs. Lastly, it will be unfair to the International students who are already in the US because many came thinking of an extended practical training only to realize that it has been cancelled and they need to look for alternatives.
There are many comments opposing this rule which say that internationals take away American jobs. I do not find these arguments valid because these jobs which are taken up by the international students cannot be taken up by American students because there is s