OPT STEM extension is not extension for all majors. So please at least get to know what it is before you say no it. I SUPPORT this proposal.
a.International students are already having a difficult time finding STEM jobs in the U.S. Honestly, anyone whos sane enough and has real knowledge of the job market knows that U.S. citizens with a STEM background are always preferred to international students whore the same qualified. In fact, international STEM students have to be MORE hardworking and qualified to get a job U.S. citizens can easily get. It was never as easy as depicted by people whore not aware of the difficulties at all.

b.STEM students are only benefiting the I.T. and financial industries in the U.S., which are keeping the U.S. ship float. Depriving U.S. of such talents is only detrimental to U.S. economy itself

c.Canada, Australia, U.K. and all those developed countries will only absorb these talents if U.S. dont and then history will repeat itself: WHOEVER HAS A BIGGER HEART AND OPEN MIND WILL WIN OVER MORE TALENTS AND LEAD.

d.Even if they get STEM extension, a lot of students could fail to find jobs, find better opportunities, or fail to get H1-B and they will simply leave U.S. Its NOT like whoever got stem extension will stay.

Its not a matter of stealing jobs. Therere always enough jobs out there, but it depends on whether youre qualified.
I fully support this proposal.

4) Sarah Huang ------ 1jz-8m5y-xcl9
I strongly support this proposal.
a.Talented immigrants have been one of the most powerful sources that made U.S. the worlds greatest country and I cannot believe were trying to give away the talents to our rival countries.

b.The development of the medical system, insurance policies, and more convenient life for normal American citizens is based on the fastest-growing IT industry around the world. We cannot deny that talented international STEM students have been making contributions to this.

c.Americans with a STEM background, as long as theyr