For ICEB-2015-0002
Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students

I highly support for this proposal, giving stem student an 24 month opt extension is a remarkable idea. I think this is the regulation will increase the comprehensive national strength of US and benefit general people who lives in this country. 

First of all, it will enhance US comprehensive national strength. As we all know, the composition of international students are young, knowledgeable, and full of creativity from all over the world. If we give them 24 month opt, they will have more chances to apply for H1B VISA and stay in US and working for this county. These students are very intelligent young people from all over the worlds. In school, they study dedicatedly and often times outperform domestic students. With them working at companies in our county, it will certainly increase the competitiveness of US companies in international market. Most of the stem majors are practical, we need those talented young people to work for our company. For example, the total revenue of Google is 66 billion in 2014. For employees in Google 83 percent of them are international workers, and most of them can work here because they have the opt extension and thus can apply for H1B Visa. Without this extension, I can see a great high tech company like Google goes its way down because lack of talents. It is not only a money problems. we know the IT is the representative of technology. It plays a incredible role in national defense and security. I can foresee the tragedies like 911, Snowden and political eavesdrop happens again at the time US lost its advantages in technology. Last year, US economy increased 2.4, most of the drive is from IT. I would say, without this opt extension, US will be in a huge trouble.

2. Benefit American people
The average salary from H1B last year is about 100,000 each year. They pay average 