SaiKiran Mutyala Dear, 
Department of Homeland Security

I am very delightful to hear that STEM is being extended from 17 month to 24 months. I would like to thank you for such an initiation. I am an international master student pursuing my master degree from The University of Texas at Tyler and for my surprise, People in here presume that it is very common thing to expect support from an international student. Yes, of course we do support because it gives us an additional support for our career development. But building up career in these technical fields means building up better technology for the world. Because the major concern across the world today is towards the technological advancements. So only way money flows into a country is if it has some technology that is viable from the rest of the countries in the world.
I have seen many people arguing that we are stealing the jobs of the american natives. So, whenever i am seeing people using this quote i remember of a very famous postulate in science that "Energy can neither be created nor be destroyed but can only be transferred from one form to another". Similarly, Knowledge cannot be created nor be destroyed but can only be harnessed through constant hard work and can only be transferred from person to another. So i feel personally that it is a very childish move to simply say that we are stealing the jobs of american natives and hence the OPT STEM cap gap relief extension should not be provided.
I would like to provide a simple statistics how much an each student spends to enter into US and complete his masters degree. On an average each master student spends 50 thousand dollars for tuition fee alone and another 20 thousand in buying car, groceries, travelling etc for 2 years that sums up to 70 thousand dollars in approximation. In order to come to USA each student spends an another 2500 dollars for application fees, GRE coaching, GRE application fee, SEVIS fee, TOEFL fee, VISA fee etc. Travel expenses sum up to another 2000 dollars. So in total on an average 74500 dollars are being spent in 2 year stay by a single student. Total number of international students in USA in the financial year 2013-2014 alone are 886,052. So, 75,000 multiplied with 886,052 (Source:http://www.iie.org/Services/Project-Atlas/United-States/International-Students-In-US) gives 66,453,900,000. Can you imagine this much money is being wired to banks in USA for 2 year from all across the world. Remember this is not the exact calculation because students come in for undergraduate degrees and not alone for masters degree which in turn generates a lot more economy. Along with generating this much income we are even using our brilliant minds in making USA a technological marvel for the entire globe which is keeping USA as a superior power. According to the statistics only 3 percent of Americans hold a masters degree and all of that 3% is being employed 100%. So where is the point in denoting that Americans are loosing jobs because of the international students.
Lastly, I have seen that a tremendous amount of documentation is being asked from the employer by DHS. As in 21st century most of the companies try to implement policies of six sigma implementation, which says excessive work on a particular task is considered to be a waste and is mostly avoided as it results in lessening the revenue. So, mostly companies try to hire the H1 B applicants directly from across the world and the students who have spent 2 years in USA spending lot of money acquiring knowledge will not be even getting a chance to apply their knowledge into their interested field of work.
If STEM extension is not continued with employer benefiting norms there could drastic decrease in the number of students entering USA as it is clear indication that career can no more me built on American land and people start migrating to another system which attracts them, there by making some other country a world class technological leader.
The only reason for America sustaining as a worlds superior power is because it attracted the worlds most brilliant minds into its system.
If H1 B and STEM are taken away there would not be enough Americans to fulfill that vacancies and the entire economy collapses because there wont be enough mind power and the potential work force to solve the projects later on and there will arise a day where America seeks for the help from other nations.
I address this to all those who say international students are illegals, we have cleared all the necessary norms to enter into USA and have come here legally with the approval of US Embassy.
Concluding, Please keep the extension to 24 months and reduce the documentation for the employer. 
Thankyou
