THIS IS A COMPLETELY ANTI-AMERICAN PLAN! This program has never been authorized by Congress. Currently, foreign students who have been pursuing their degree for at least 9 months can work in the U.S. for 12 months, or 29 months if pursuing a STEM degree. That is above and beyond what any students or citizens of countries outside of the U.S.A. deserve, or should expect from the U.S.A.! The new rule would extend the program's length to 36 months for these STEM students. That would decrease the opportunities for the legal citizens of the U.S.A., both student and nonstudent, to be employed. The program motivates U.S. companies to hire foreign students and recent graduates because they do not have to pay the minimum wage or their share of the payroll taxes for the foreign worker, costing Social Security an estimated $1 billion dollars a year, and costing a high amount of expenses from the legal U.S. citizens and employees and workers, to benefit the laziness of immigrants..
"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 yearsthe same amount of time of an H-1B visathere is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent." 
It is quite apparent, and as clear as the blue sky on a sunny, cloudless day, that it is a path towards sacrificing all that the legal U.S. citizens have worked so hard to earn, to spoil the undeserving citizens of other countries who are already getting more from the U.S.A. than they deserve.
...expanding de facto guest worker programs like Optional Practical Training (OPT)through which employers hire more than 120,000 young college graduates per year who hold F-1 visasbut do not even guarantee that those foreign graduates are paid the minimum wage, let alone the prevailing wage, chase Americans out of computer science and creates a self-fulfilling 'shortage' as Americans respond to a relatively better market as e