I support this new rule for OPT extension. This rule dose NOT benefit F-1 students ONLY, but benefits ALL Americans and who lives in the U.S! 
I am a current F-1 student who is working under my first year OPT and at this stage, I must say this rule can be very important to me or it can mean nothing to me. 
From my personal view, I graduate from STEM program with a master degree and I am really proud of it. University gave me a chance to experience American education and OPT gave me a chance to taste the real American culture and lifestyle. But at the same time, I paid my own price. One and half year student life, I paid 80,000 dollars in total to get my degree. Who will get the money eventually?
After graduate from university, I am working as an engineer in automotive industry, because I am a foreigner and new graduate, most of the companies don't want to pay anything to train me. The reason is F-1 students can not even guarantee 3-year working period for them. Is that enough for even one long term project? The answer is no. I am working as a contractor now, if something happens to economy or my company, I will be the first to lose my job. I just work for half year, but I already paid around 6,000 dollars for tax and 3,000 dollars for health insurance. My contractor will take my money too. And I don't have citizenship rights for sure. Who will get the money eventually?
I am paying my own price to get my own life experience and at the same time, I contribute myself to my company, to the U.S society. I understand totally, why citizens don't like this kind of rule because it seems like foreigners are getting your jobs and career opportunities.
But is that a truth? No. We are definitely working in the different fields. For STEM program, not everybody can do it and not everybody likes doing it obviously. For example, you can not put a high school graduate into a high technology research. If an American citizen who wants to work in this field, he or she will get his or he