I strongly SUPPORT this proposal for the benefit of US economy and academic institutions, with the following reasons:

1) The extended duration provided by STEM OPT is crucial for STEM international students to work on and contribute to the US employers' business and operations. The 12 months post-completion OPT apparently does not provided enough time for STEM students to learn what the companies need, to initiative projects for improvement, or to get involved in such projects that will make real difference. They need more time to fully utilize their knowledge and expertise in STEM area and apply these abilities to contribute to their US employer's business, and ultimately, to the growth US economy.

2) US students face very limited competition from STEM international students in work place. International students working with STEM OPT now do take a good amount of entry-level jobs in US science and engineering industries. However, with the limited quote of H1-B visa every year, the ability of these students further pursuing a higher level managerial position is very limited. Thus the competition between US students and STEM international students in pursuing promotions to higher level jobs is very trivial. Thus, in a long run, when developing their career to a higher level, US students are not getting pressure from STEM international students.
On the contrary, with extended STEM OPT, STEM international students will be able to keep making contributions to companies operations and improvement projects, which will contribute to the companies' growth, and ultimately to the growth of US economy and the increase of new work opportunities in a long run.

3) The STEM OPT is a great attraction for international student who are pursuing a STEM degree to choose an US academic institution. With STEM OPT, these students, who account for a great portion of all international students, expect to be able to get effective practical experience after graduation, and will consider US 