I strongly support the new rule proposed by DHS. Its big benefit for both the United States and international students. 

The STEM students are highly technical, mostly with master or even PhD degree in engineering. And they are not taking away Americans jobs. If you go to any of the graduate school in the United States, you will see most of the students are international students. Not too many American will choose to pursue a master degree. And when things come to job hunting, American students with a master degree have big advantage because they dont have VISA issue. With that being said, if you are American, and if you have a master degree in STEM, you will be the last one in the world who cannot find a job. If you dont have a master degree, then you are not qualified for lots of highly technical jobs, but you still beat undergraduate international students in job hunting. And if you are technologist with years of experience, you probably wont have any issue finding a job. Unless you know nothing but piece of shit, and claim that yourself are high technical. If you cannot beat international students whose native language are not even English in job hunting, what else can you do, or are you able to do?

From educational perspective, US government and universities have invested lots of money and resource for educating. If you send back all the international students who graduate with master or PhD degree, it will be a total loss for the United States. They receive good education, and then they go back and benefit their home countries. Then whats the point of letting them come to study here in the first place? Wouldnt it be better to send back all the stem students back to see what will happen? 

From international students perspective, working experience is part of of education. 1 to 3 years of working experience will help them find a better job after they go back to their home countries. If you take away this opportunity from them, foreigners will choose to receiv