Xiaoyu Du I strongly support for the OPT extension for international students in STEM fields. I have read some posted comments. A lot of comments that opposed to this proposal addressed on 1. This will take the opportunities for American workers; 2. Taxpayers' money should not be put on international students to make them work in US. Some of those just threw a sentence like "stop killing American" which is meaningless and non-persuasive. I feel obligated to point out that their points are very wrong.

First, this proposal is for STEM students. Here, STEM stands for science, technology, engineering and mathematics. These fields are empowering our modern life and very important to a country's safety and economy. OPT of STEM international students has always been restricted rigorously within these fields. Therefore, they will not threaten American workers in service area, financial area, medical area, farming area and law area etc. They will not go into the area that does not require a high education degree. The percentage of American students go into these fields is relatively low but the industrial need is very high. So international students in these fields are more of a supplement rather than a threaten.

According to the data given by Rachel Banks, director of public policy at NAFSA: Association of International Educators, in 2013, though the number of international students in America had been an uptick, the percentage of international students to the total number enrolled students had not shifted dramatically over last 10 years, staying around 5%. That means though larger population, the percentage is still very low and has not gone up too much. Data shows that 35% of international students are in the fields of STEM, which comes to around 350,000 students. Each year, the graduating students is around 120,000. If 80% of graduated students stay each year, two years extension of OPT will incur 135,000 more students. It looks like a very big number but wait, the extension has been there all the time, just from 17 months to 24 months. Taking that into account, the number reduces to 35,000 students. The number will decline more if the stay rate is lower. Moreover, think about the consequence if the past 17 months extension were cut. Around 100,000 student employees will be forced to leave this country. More straightforward, US lost two and a half Google or One and a half Apple.

The additional STEM international students mentioned above will not threaten American STEM students also. From my observation, the percentage of American STEM students studying for advanced degrees are very low, less than a quarter. But these students have absolute advantage over international students in job seeking. This makes sense, even regardless the level of degree, because companies prefer to hire American students in favor of less immigration sponsor expense and less concern about employment discontinuity by immigration law. However, in reality, these companies have to hire a lot of international students against their favor. This means they have very high demanding on these employments and only American students are not enough.

Their second point are more ridiculous because international students do not cost taxpayers' money. Most of them will pay the tuition by themselves and if they work, they become the taxpayer. They pay taxes but they actually cannot share the benefit that US provides to its citizens. Needless to prove about the positive effect that working STEM students will give to the economy, even the international students at school contribute a lot. According to a NAFSA analysis of the 2012-13 school year, international students and their families at U.S. colleges contributed $24 billion to the economy. The prosperity brought by international students blooms all over the states and could be felt without doubt.

Finally, I must point out the consequences of failure to pass this act are very dangerous. According to some study, due to tightened visa policies in UK and Australia, the number of international students declined in past years. In contrast, Canada has increasing students due to their friendly visa policies. This means if US tightened its immigration policies, the number of international students would very possibly decline, which would be a drawback to economy recovery as well as a force to push perspective students to other countries. More seriously, since graduated students cannot stay, they will be forced to other countries as well. That means US is using its world class education resources to help other countries.

I have seen Homeland of Security has put this proposal into the big economically significant category. From this I can feel the sincerity of the US government. I hope more Americans who oppose to this proposal would think more rationally and logically, not just throwing some emotional words, which can only indirectly proves why companies would hire international students rather than them.
