Wendy Xu Dear DHS,

I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

As an international student, I came to the United States in 2012 and graduated in 2014 with a masters degree in biostatistics from one of the top 5 universities ranked by U.S. News. I have been working in a Big Tech Company as a statistician since graduation. My employer filed an H1B visa petition for me on April 1, 2015. Unfortunately, I was not selected in the H1B lottery, so I am currently working pursuant to my STEM OPT extension. If there were no availability of STEM OPT extension, I would have no choice but to leave the United States.

There are a lot of international students, currently working or will work for U.S. companies, facing or will face similar situations like me. Many of them are talent individuals graduated from top STEM graduate/undergraduate programs with specialized skill sets, novel perspectives, and fresh ideas. Their abilities allow employers the opportunity to accomplish bigger projects, achieve more innovation, and develop new products and technology, all of which will further fuel the U.S. economy.

OPT and STEM OPT extension provide the opportunities for employer to train those talent students, as well as the students to learn the ways of applying theoretical STEM knowledge to real-world problems. In order to be a meaningful training process for employers and a meaningful learning experience for students, a 24-month extension combined with the initial 12 month OPT period is the appropriate duration to meet goals of both sides and allow for active reflection on what have been accomplished throughout the experience. Students with up to 36 months of practical training can be assigned more challenging projects that better complement academic programs and career interests.

In addition, many opponents of expanding the period of OPT seek to pit native-born workers against their foreign-born colleagues. However, workers do not compete against each other for a fixed number of jobs. In fact, skilled immigrants contributions to the U.S. economy help create new jobs and new opportunities for economic expansion. Take our company as an example. Many employees in our modeling team are foreign-born workers graduated with an advanced degree in STEM fields from top U.S. universities. They are hired as they are well educated and have their specialized statistics skill sets. Without considering them, the company cannot even find enough people to support this important function. On the other hand, the majority in other teams (marketing, strategy, and etc.) are native-born workers. In this way, native-born workers and foreign-born workers cooperate each other and make the company function well. Without those foreign-born workers, the company will unlikely to run properly and all the native-born workers will lose their jobs as well. Indeed, such foreign-born workers positively impact the U.S. economy and employment opportunities of native-born workers.

Therefore, based on the above arguments, the STEM OPT extension should be retained with a duration of 24-month for the benefit of U.S. employers and economy. I cannot imagine that one day tens of thousands of foreign-born workers graduated from STEM majors are forced to leave their companies at half way of training and are not able to contribute any more to their employers. It would be such a huge loss to the U.S. economy. The most dramatic gains in U.S. employment come from immigrants who earned advanced degrees at US universities and are employed in STEM fields. Changing temporary immigration policies, such as by expanding the OPT period to 24 months, to favor holders of advanced degrees from U.S. universities in STEM fields is an obvious step given the demand for highly skilled workers and the extensive investment the country already makes in such students. Without a clear path to stay in the United States, these foreign students will fuel innovation and economic growth in countries that compete with the American economy.

I hope you can support the U.S. economy by implementing this new rule by February 12, 2016. Thank you for your consideration, time, and support in this matter.

Sincerely,

Wendy

