I STRONGLY UPVOTE this new rule by considering the benefits this rule is giving to different entities in USA. 

The entities mainly benefited from this rule are,
1. International Students.
2. Employers.
3. US Government.

Let me describe each of the above benefits.

1. International Students: All over the world, many students have their dream of studying in USA. This is mainly because of the quality of the education the universities in USA provides. But only concern to fulfill their dreams is money. Because of the high tuition fee's the universities have for education, most of the students try very hard to arrange money for the tuition fees and leaving expenses. Even the students spend 20 hours per day to work as part time, student cannot afford complete education tuition fees. Hence most of students takes the help from banks to get education loan and completes their studies. They get the bank loan in a hope that they can pay the money back by working after graduating. Due to high amount of tuition fee, students need to work for minimum of 2-3 years in USA to get the loan. Because of this we the student gets opportunity to work in USA for at least 3 years, he can clear the debts. Because of this more international students will be coming to USA for the education. 
Along with these, the work permit H1 visa applications are limited to 65000+20000. Recently we have seen around 2200000 applications applied for H1 visa and only 85000 got the visa. So out of 4 applicants only 1 has got the visa. Allowing the students to work for 3 years will make the students less dependent on H1 Visa approvals.

2. Employers: Many employers are in USA and they need good quality candidates for each of their job roles. Having the student working only for 12 months will not help such companies in long term. Hence companies will loose such quality of employees if this rule is not implemented. This in turn may effect the quality of product and economy of the company. If this rule is not passe