Dear sir, I would love bring your attention to how the extension of OPT opportunities and cap gap relief for F-1 students makes the whole US visa process a dumb charade, without first making some procedural changes to how an f-1 visa application is considered, at least till a legislation is passed to make f-1 visa a dual intent visa.

I was refused a student visa (F-1) almost 15 years ago, even though I have secured full funding for a 4 years engg. degree at a university ranked within top 100 consistently over last few year. There was as gap of 3 years after my 10+2 due to personal situations Also I didn't want to apply for a f-1 with misleading financial documentation which more than 90 percent of visa applicants submit and get visas. I took my time to prepare and secure good SAT general and subject scores to win full scholarship at one of the best universities (which is consistently ranked on par with the best universities in the world especially in my home country).

But to my great disappointment, visa officer used 214b as a easy way out to refuse my visa as prospective immigrant. I am sure the same visa officer may have issued many f-1 visas to students who used "personal resources" to come and study in US just because they didn't have the 3 years gap in education or because they have "personal resources" to support their education. More than 90 percent of these people, have most probably, stayed on, using OPT and then applied for h-1b and green card. The end games turns out to be sheer luck or volume of documentation (now a days there are dime a dozen shops all over the world who provide this for student visas).

In my own personal experience, I have known at least 100 people who have come to US in late 1990 and 2000s on f-1 visas and of them only 4 have returned, but only after acquiring US citizenship and that too after they have sensed some excellent business opportunities or career opportunities back home. 

My very own experience clearly goes on to prove 