Allowing STEM major international students to work in U.S. for an extended period of time enables US companies to recruit and retain the most talented workforce around the world that empowers US economy, technology innovation and global competitiveness. 

From my personal experiences, I can testify the fact that international students are disproportionately represented in STEM majors in some of the most prestigious colleges and universities. At my alma mater Georgia Institute of Technology, international students represent more than half of the graduate classes of many STEM majors, such as operations research, computer science, electrical engineering, etc. Abolishing OPT extension will unquestionably results in the loss of those talented workforce for high growth tech industries in US. As a matter of the fact, the supply cannot meet the demand for talents in STEM fields for US companies if those companies are only allowed to exclusively recruit US citizens. US is a country formed by immigrants, and if US has the ability to select the most capable and talented immigrants to be part of this great nation, the prosperity of US will no doubt be sustained. International students in STEM field are obviously the most reliable source of most intelligent and capable immigrants. In my humble opinion, US should select future citizens of this country with more discretion and selecting future US citizens from the pool of highly qualified international students in STEM major is the best option. Since only the most competitive international students can succeed in gaining employment in US, the market economy has already filtered out unqualified international students and only those that are most qualified will manage to stay here. Even with the OPT extension, some of those human capital may be forced to go back to their home country due to the uncertain nature of H1B visa lottery process. 

Therefore, I strongly support the continuation of OPT extension policy that allows internati