I'm an Engineer working with OPT visa and I think it is good to improve the training opportunities for F1 students with STEM degrees. 

I read some objection comments. However I don't think their reasons could make sense. 

1. A lot of comments say "hiring the students will reduce the minimum wages", is that right? I don't think so. 
Here is my argument: 
Among the students working with STEM OPT visas, a lot of students are in Electrical Engineering major and computer science major. Me and a lot of my friends holding OPT visas are working in Silicon Valley. In silicon valley, the minimum wage for entry level Electrical engineer is about 90K USD per year. Computer Engineers could get even higher salary. In Google, Facebook, Linkedin etc, the entry level software engineer could get something close to 180K USD package (Sign on bonus, relocation fee, base salary, stock) in the first year. As far as I know, this salary is higher than the US average salary. In other parts of US, the salary for STEM students might be lower but it is still higher than US average salary. Even some people holding STEM OPT visas may work with a lower salary, but I don't think the percentage is high. I don't think it is a good idea to kick out all of us just because few of us could tolerate their work with wages lower than minimum salary for US citizens. To support the option "hiring the students will reduce the minimum wages", we may need a survey regarding how many OPT students work with salary lower than the minimum wage requirement. Without such a survey, the statement "hiring the students will reduce the minimum wages" is groundless. 

2. Some people also comments "US citizen pay tax to support foreigners, which is not fair for US citizens" 
The reason for OPT students pay less tax than US citizens is mainly because of they don't enjoy so much benefits as US citizens. They do pay the tax they need to pay for the country. Regarding the tax, you guys should question IRS but not DHS. 

3. I a