I strongly support the proposed rule and encourage DHS to extend the STEM-OPT period even beyond 24 months if possible.
These are my reasons to support the rule.

1. STEM majors have contributed immensely in growth and strengthening of the US economy. They have founded multiple tech companies and employed thousands of people. Most of the tech CEOs and CTOs born outside of US had entered this country as a student. Hundreds of thousands of STEM majors work all over the country in different sectors. They pay taxes, social security and medicaid, buy houses and cars, and spend to keep the economy growing.

2. It is a myth that international students pay no taxes. I have been in this country for almost 6 years and have paid both federal and state taxes every year. After my fifth year, I have started paying into Social Security and Medicare as well. If 50000 international students have to leave the country when their OPT expires, that will take hundreds of million of dollars out of taxes and FICA programs. 

3. It is also a myth that hiring international student is cheaper. International STEM students are paid at the same rate as the US citizens for the same job, if not better. The paperwork involved in hiring international students alone make them less favorable for hiring. Also, once the employer hires an OPT student, it is likely he/she will sponsor the H1B work visa which comes with fees and even more paperwork. Therefore, it is often more expensive to hire international students. However, the only reason they get hired is that either they are very talented or no other US citizen are available to fit the role. 

4. I believe the new rule has enough clauses to make sure that US citizens are not replaced by international students and prevents misuse of this new rule.

5. International STEM students are one of the major source of income for US universities. Each student spends about $20000 every year on average in tuition and living expenses. In absence of STEM-OPT progra