Ms. Katherine Westerlund
Policy Chief (Acting)
Student and Exchange Visitor Program
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement
500 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20536

Re: Comments on Proposed Rule: Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students

80 Fed. Reg. 63375 (October 19, 2015)
Docket ID: ICEB-2015-0002

Dear Chief Westerlund:

As a STEM student working in a technology company I believe the proposed rule would be a great benefit both to the students and the American economy because:

1.My employer spends on an average about $40000 to $60000 (travel expenses, hotel stay, salaries for recruiters, etc) in hiring one engineer. I have seen tens of people interviewed before one is selected. When I went through the interview process, I was not asked about my immigration status till I had an offer. All they asked initially was whether I can legally work in the United States. Now that I am working, I am paid the same as my American colleagues. This is not an isolated incident in the technology industry. Several companies go through this hoop before finding the right person for the job. More often than not, the right person turns up to be in another country. With respect to that, I suspect there is no shortage of jobs but definitely a shortage of labor. If more STEM students get to work in the USA before heading back home, it will not only benefit the student but the companies and in general the economy as well.

2.The second reason I think the US needs more STEM students is the opportunity of ancillary jobs created due to the nature of high-tech work done by STEM graduates. To cite an example, I have seen engineering teams of 5 have ancillary support teams of at least 8. Thus, an engineer, could create on an average 1.6 jobs without moving a muscle. This of course does not include the possibility of jobs that could have been created by graduates who want to open their own com