I completely support improving and expanding OPT extensions for STEM degree F-1 students for the following reasons:

1. If STEM got cancelled, many major companies will face a huge risk on losing their international employees dramatically. Researches have shown losing each employee will cause $50,000 to the company in average. Currently there are hundreds of thousands international employees with F-1 visa working in the US, especially in those financial and hi-tech companies, who are major contributors to US GDP. This will surely results a direct negative impact in billions on US economy.

2. Canceling STEM OPT extension not only results a direct negative impact but also will cause an economy drop in a long run. Research shows that international students with STEM degrees (mostly in mathematics, engineering, computer sciences, etc.) play vital roles in various industries in the US in their later careers. This means we will potentially lose these brilliant engineers, senior mangers, and great scientists in the near future if we ask them to leave today. Not only that, since these talented people cannot be part of US treasures, they will become great contributors to other countries. In other words, we spent billions in training and educating these people to benefit other countries. Considering the potential values these talented people will make in the future, the lose cannot be measurable.

Yuchen Chen
I completely support improving and expanding OPT extensions for STEM degree F-1 students for the following reasons:

1. If STEM got cancelled, many major companies will face a huge risk on losing their international employees dramatically. Researches have shown losing each employee will cause $50,000 to the company in average. Currently there are hundreds of thousands international employees with F-1 visa working in the US, especially in those financial and hi-tech companies, who are major contributors to US GDP. This will surely results a direct negative impact in bill