The Government Accountability Office (GAO) report issued in March 2014 found that the program was full of inefficiencies, susceptible to fraud, and that the Department was not adequately overseeing it. The report also found a major national security problem in that the Department does not know where tens of thousands of foreign students are living and working in the country. The GAO said that "ICE cannot fully ensure foreign students working under optional practical training are maintaining their legal status in the United States." The proposed regulation does not fix that deficiency.

The regulation by defining a recent college graduate as a student, takes both the worker and the employer out from under payroll taxes, thereby depriving worker employment revenue for the Social Security and Medicare trust funds. These employees should be classified as workers under those laws.

Those employed under this program should classified as workers/employees, not students, and the employer should be required to demonstrate that employment of 'students" as workers under this program will not adversely affect those workers already employed or result in layoffs of existing workers or reduce the hiring of regular employees. Similarly situated U.S. workers should include U.S. workers employed by the same company performing similar duties and with similar educational backgrounds, employment experience, levels of responsibility, and skill sets as the stem opt "student" (employee). The regulation exempts the employer's own work force as a basis for comparison and analysis in determining whether employment of "students" (employees) under this program harms regular employees of the same company. 

The employer should also be required to attest with proper documentation that: (1) The employer has sufficient resources and trained personnel available to provide appropriate mentoring and training in connection with the specified opportunity; (2) the employer will not terminate, lay off, or