I SUPPORT this rule and think it's an ABSOLUTE BASIC RIGHT for F1 STEM students.

I want to stress that the regular 12-month OPT is NOT enough time for applying for H1 visa. Take myself for example, my OPT started in late February and that was almost the annual H1 application time. When I found my job in a famous Silicon Valley company as a software engineer, it was already late April, so I missed the only chance in 12 months to apply for an H1B. If a new OPT extension rule is not passed right now, the old rule will be vacated next February which means I DO NOT have even ONE chance for applying for H1B, and I will have to leave my job and this country immediately at that time. 

My job search was a long and hard 1-year experience filled with numerous job descriptions reading "citizens or permanent residents only". Rejections were not because I'm under-qualified for the job, but for my nationality. The fact that I finally got my dream job which even most Ivy PhD's cannot get demonstrated that I'm not under-qualified. I spent so much time, effort and money to study and work in this country and if I don't have a chance to keep my job just because the rule was not properly passed, that would be a HUGE DISASTER for me and people like me. 

The claim that US citizens are losing job opportunities because F1 students is so ridiculous that it doesn't deserve to be argued with. Instead of FORGING connections behind irrelevant unemployment data with F1 STEM students without ANY scientifically significant statistical analyses, open your eyes and take a look at the restrictions on F1 students in this country, or if you really dare, renounce your citizenship, become an F1 student and try to find a job. I think anyone is smart enough to know which way is harder without doing that. F1 students are doing the hardest tech jobs and people should really realize how many new jobs are created this way.

Passing this rule is the lifeline for me and people like me. Please be reasonable and