In my opinion, the F1-OPT for STEM should be extended longer rather than being canceled. There are many reasons for this. 

The first and most important one is that the development of the U.S. economics is very much relied on those students graduate from STEM degrees. For example, most of the technology companies in the U.S. prefer to hire those high educated international graduate students from STEM majors who are very professional and familiar with the techniques and skills and also very committed to their jobs, and can make great contribution to the company with relatively lower salary within 2-3 years of working. Without those intelligent students, those companies will not be very competitive in the future which will absolutely block the development of the U.S. economics.

The second reason is that extending the OPT time for STEM F1-students doesn't effect the job opportunities of the native Americans. Those intelligent students from STEM or other majors with lots of mew and novel ideas may creat more job opportunities for the native Americans. For example, if a technology company hires a student from computer sciences, this student thinks of a new idea of developing a new software. Then the company may need to hire more people to work on it such as testing the software, selling, and technique training and so on. A lots of examples can be seen from those big companies.

The third reason is that those students also contribute to our daily life. As the society develops, no one can live without science and technology. A creative idea, a great invention, a scientific theory may change every common people's life. For example, some people say that there is a fourth form of water and this kind of water can improve plant growth and improve human body immunity. Without those STEM students and scientists who work on it and figure it out, many people will be fooled and willing to buy those unknown water.

In summary, canceling or shortening the OPT time is an unwise decisi