Hello,

This is a very good decision to improve and expand the training opportunities for F-1 students. 
It is very helpful for the F-1 students who intend to get a degree in the United States focusing on their field of interest with some world-class research facilities available in the US public universities which they could have never gained in their home country even in the top institutions.
Once the student receives the degree, this OPT would give him/her the opportunity to work for a period of time to gain some valuable experience which would be useful once he/she returns to his home country. It would be a fair chance for these students to gain some US based work experience and understand the work culture which might be different in their home country. It could also help the student to get some more time to pay off their student loans.
But if the OPT period is reduced, it could have a negative effect on US economy and educational institutions as it puts in doubt the prospective students who are planning to come to the US to pursue higher education since they might end up taking loans to pay their high tuition fees, but they might not have the fair chance of paying off their loans. It puts them in a lot of debt at an early age and it would be very hard for them and even to their families back home to cope up with this kind of burden.
Also, there are many students who have come to the US in the past couple of years with the promise of OPT period of 29 months, and it is kind of an injustice for them if it is suddenly reduced to 12 months. It affects their planning and career and puts them in jeopardy.
It is also a huge loss to many of the corporate companies who have employed students on OPT and if they would have to let go of them suddenly, it would be a big negative impact to them as they would miss the qualified employees who are part of some of the big projects on their team. So, in this case, it would be a loss to both the students and the US economy.

Hence,