I STRONGLY support the rule about improving and expanding OPT for STEM degrees student!

More than 80 percent of international students are pursuing STEM related degrees in America, they pay the tuition much higher than local American for the same kinds of learning opportunities and resources, suppose 10k for Americans, but 25k for international students. In the meantime, the international students are the superpower for consumption, which will stimulate the internal economy through the large consumption power, one of the clear examples is the car consumption. If expanding OPT for STEM degrees, international students who are now studying in their own country are more willing to study in USA, this move will bring more hot money to universities and other internal industry as well, boosting the consumption of USA and stimulate the the U.S. economy. 

Secondly, going through the stories of US history, it is the miracle made by different kinds of people, different kinds of colors and also different kinds of nationalities. It is the capable peoples will from different countries and their pioneering spirits that make US different, this different in return attracts more talented and intelligent people from all over the world to America, bringing their knowledge, willingness, perspective to build US, to chase their own dream on an alien continent. US is like a magnetic, sucking plenty of human resources, especially talented people related with STEM to America, and using foreigners hands to build America. OPT and H1b is not a rule that eliminate the opportunities for hiring more americans, it is a nuclear weapon that make America stronger and powerful in the global world perspective. 

Because of OPT, OPT extension and H1b, silicon valley and lots of tech miracle happened in America is possible. F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees are the heavy work force in high-tech world, these graduate students build a brand-new industry, which creates millions of job opportunitie