I strongly support OPT extension for the following reasons.

1. It is a strong boost to the economy and the industry. It not only helps the companies that hire STEM graduates, but also creates more jobs that serve those STEM employees. Those jobs include housing, restaurants, retails, etc., and are typically all American citizens or permanent residents. In short, Americans benefit from it.

2. It is a strong financial support for the US universities. OPT job can help pay for the sky-high US tuition, and it is one reason that foreign students are willing to pay such tuition. With the expectation that they will not get a long enough OPT job (or not at all), foreign students will be much less willing to pay to get their degree in the US. US universities are enrolling more international students so that they can make more money to balance their sheet. The result will be that the US universities getting into a much worse financial situation and that American students have to pay more for their own degree.

3. OPT jobs help keep American companies, and US jobs, competitive and alive. The United States is the strongest nation in the world, because the best talents from the world contribute to it. And the same is for American companies. Without the OPT employees, American companies will be less competitive, especially those high technology companies, which are an strong engine of US economy. The number of native-born technology workers is not enough to support a strong tech industry for the US. If we cut all foreign employees of Google, everyone on the planet won't be able to enjoy what they are using everyday for granted.

4. OPT job can help keep the talents that will otherwise become strong competitors of US companies. For example, the Chinese high tech companies like Baidu, Sohu, etc. are all founded by those who studied in US and they hire those US graduates like gem. Even before Google decided to quit the Chinese market, Baidu had a much higher market share than Googl