Chao Liu I strongly support the new "24-month extension" proposal based on the following reasonings:

First, extending the STEM OPT would definitely attract more international students to study in U.S. because of the increasing potential opportunities for them after graduation. International students have been a very important group of American education system as they are contributing diversity, academic achievemnt to the country from technology development perspective, and since the number of international students is huge, the economic growth of the country also benefit from their huge amount of consumptions.

Second, the technology development would benefit from having more skilled, educated technicians. Let's take Silicon Valley, CA as an example: about 36% of the employees working for the technology companies are foreign born and the majority of the 36% employees are international students who are working on their OPT. Imagine that if the OPT extension rule was revoked, these international employees would be forced back home and that would bring a great loss for the companies. Many of the important ongoing projects could even be forced to stop forever. And that would definitely bring a negative impact on the technology and economic development for California and even the country (think about how important the Silicon Valley is in terms of technology and economic growth).

Third, some people may hold the opinion that STEM graduates could work on the one-year OPT after graduation. But the fact is new hires will need at least 6 to 8-month training before they could get to know the work process of the company and make contributions. If they will have to leave right after they are ready to work more efficiently and effectively, companies would not even hire them at the beginning. The 24-month extension would definitely solve this problem, and it provides an excellent opportunity for both the employees to get more familar with the work and the employer to know more about the employee, it gives the employers more time to evauate the employee in order to make decisions on whether sponsoring the employee or not. Thus, this action will largely decrease the risk for both sides of employment.

Last, becuase of the cap of the H1-B work visa, there are thousands of thousands of newly hired international employees competing for the limited positions (that's why it is called a lottery). Under this circumstances, strange phenomenons are appearing like companies specilizing in helping their employees particiting in this lottery even the employees are currently not in U.S.. And all these, as I think, are becuase the authorized work period after graduation was too short, if the OPT were extended, then DHS, USCIS, job market as a whole would have much less pressure.

In conclusion, extending the OPT would benefit all that were involved in this issue (the country and its economic and techology development, immigration department, job markets, students theirselves, etc.). So I strongly support this proposal.
