"With that being said, I want people to come into our country legally. I want to have a big, fat beautiful open door. I want people of great talent to come in for Silicon Valley. I want engineers. I want physicists. I want people with great talent to come into the United States. When people graduate from college, you can be number one in your class at Harvard or number one at Yale or the Wharton School of Finance or Princeton or Stanford. And immediately if you're not a citizen of the United States, you get thrown out of the country. We want those people to stay." said by Mr. Donald Trump. 

I believe not only Mr. Donald Trump want talents to come into the Unites States and contribute to this open-minded country. And I believe these foreigners will bring impact to this country and even the whole world if they have enough time and we give enough patience for them. And extension of the OPT is a good way to provide opportunities for these talents who have just graduated from their schools. 

Some people may worried about that the extension will make US citizens to lose their jobs. But actually that's not the truth. We should be aware of that the extension is specifically for STEM students and the percentage of the local US students and the unemployed US students in the STEM fields is extremely lower than the other areas. And on the other side, let's take IT industry as an example. IT companies are seeking for a large number of engineers no matter where these talents are from. The demand is much greater than the supply. Therefore, people do not need to be worried about the unemployment due to the extension of the OPT for STEM students. 

Personally, as a PhD student in science who is going to graduate next year, I am eager to have more time to do OPT. It will be really sad that I have to leave the US just because of that my future employer cannot support me with H1B. 

All in all, I strongly support this rule of improving and expanding training opportunities for F-1 non