I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons.

Since this is a win-win strategy for both US and international students who attained or is going to attain STEM degree in US. On one side, US tech companies rely on international students to create values for their companies, which bring more revenue and then be converted to tax for IRS. And this tax would benefit each US citizens here. For international students here, this is a good opportunity to apply what they learned in class and gain more real-world industry.
The U.S. should let the international students majoring in a STEM subject stay longer in the country as this can continuously boost the technological and economic development of the U.S. The dominating status of the U.S. in the world in science and technology nowadays is largely owing to the contribution made by millions of scientific and technological talents coming from all over the world. Without their contribution, a lot of domestic industries could not have been so prosperous, e.g. IT. The science and technology is the key to the further advancement of the U.S economy which benefits everyone of Americans. So in order for the future economy, we should allow those students holding F-1 visa stay longer.

After reviewing so many negative comments who object the proposed rule. I found something they have in common: they are really afraid that US citizens will lose their jobs in all the industries.

I don't think they have to worry about this at all. First, the proposed rule only benefits international employees who attained their STEM degree in US. And OPT extension only allows them to work in tech industry. Working in any other industry will be illegal and they will get deported if they get caught. Second, it was because US citizens cannot fill in the void in the US tech industry that international student can come in. US tech companies definitely prefer US citizens over international students if they have the same skill set and capability becau