I strongly object DHSs new OPT extension proposal. There are several reasons behind that.

First, this rule will attract more STEM talents to US, which will make its academic sector remain competitive globally. Take me as an example, after I got my bachelor degree, I was seeking for a higher degree. I got offers from universities in Canada, Singapore, UK, Australia, and so on. But at last I chose US. This is because in America I have a better chance to get a industrial training opportunity, so that I can be more competitive when I back to my country. However, without OPT extension, it will be very difficult to get a job, and I might change my idea to study in State. I believe this consideration is very common among all the foreign STEM students in America. 

Secondly, local economy will be greatly benefit from more international students.
Take my school, Colorado State University as an example. In Fort Collins, most of restaurants, apartments, supermarkets are supported by international students. Most apartments are rented by international students. And those restaurants are opened because of the need of students from various countries. If fewer and fewer international students come to US, there will not be those demands. New restaurant/supermarket/etc will not be opened, which means fewer job opportunity for local residents. Apartment will be harder to rent out, which means local resident will have less income. In a word, new OPT extension rule will be beneficial to the local and even whole States economy. 

At last, not only for government, but also for US companies, this extension is a better choice. In most high-tech companies, the project will last at least 2 years or more. If the OPT plus its extension is 12+24 months, the plan for the research/development will be more flexible and viable. If worker under OPT status has to leave US because the OPT termination, it will be a big problem. 

All in all, DHSs proposal about OPT extension is good for both STEM stude