I support the proposed new rule toward the OPT extension for STEM students. The reasons are as the following:

1. The highly educated and skilled STEM students provide related US industries with very powerful "new blood", which is crucial to boosting US economy. In the past 8 years, we have observed many STEM students joining large companies within the technology, engineering, and even insurance industries. These STEM students have contributed to the growth of these big firms as well as the recovery of US economy in the post-crisis period. We can expect that with the proposed new rule, these companies and industries can continue to backup US economy recovery and growth. If these STEM students who have consumed the higher education resources in the US all go back to their home countries after graduation, it would be a huge loss not only for the US companies, but also for the US economy. The US is the only country that have this many highly educated and skilled STEM students employed in various industries, and this is one of the reasons why America has maintained its competitiveness in all these industries across the world.

2. More international students would come to the US for higher education because of the improved opportunities in the OPT program, and more of them would choose to study STEM majors. These international students pay very high tuition to colleges and universities in the US, and they have been an important source of financial support for many educational institutions in the country. These students not only contribute to the development of higher education system in the US, but also bring up local economies and consumption in most of the areas where the universities are located.

3. The new rule sets wage requirements for students on OPT and prohibits firing US citizen workers to hire F-1 students. The labor cost of hiring an F-1 student is at least on the same level as hiring a US citizen. All of these rules offer protection to US citizen workers in