I DO support the proposal of the following reason:
1. In recent years, international tech students contributed a lot in development of high-technology and American economy. Without the effort of these workers, it is predictable that America will lose the leadership of the High-Tech market just because of the lack of these intelligent and hardworking engineers.

2. The STEM extension doesn't mean the government treats better to foreigners. As we all know, employers always hire the employees who will bring them the maximum benefits. The foreigners don't have the advantages when competing with native citizens and they even need more arduous efforts than local people. This is because companies need more complicated process and even pay more money to hire a foreign employee. Therefore, the point that expanding the OPT will leads the native unsuccessfully finding a job is ridiculous since the condition of job market is finally the result of the health competition. The absence of foreign workers doesn't imply the native has more job opportunities if they are not qualified to get the position. On the contrary, the health competition from the foreign employees will motivate the native to be more strong and creative in pursuing their career goals.

3. With the impact of globalization, most countries in the world tend to attract foreigners to their country because they realize the people coming from different places will bring various cultures and opportunities for them to expand their business in the rest of the world. The United States has one of the most democratic and pluralistic society in the world, and it is why this country attracted so many talents to come here to achieve their American dream. "All men are created equal " is the national ethos of the United States, so if the expansion of OPT is abolished, is it contradicted with the root of national spirit of the United States? 

All in all, the OPT extension will bring huge benefits to both government and individuals