As a current STEM OPT holder and a software engineer, I just want to ask one question, after terminate the STEM OPT extension, then what? Will all the tech companies begin to hire those unqualified people for a software engineer position and all the people complaining about this will be able to find a job? 

Most STEM OPT holders went to college in US, they paid much more tuition in US, they work harder in to overcome language and culture disadvantage and to gain a degree. After graduating, they need to compete with a lot of native people to get a job. And when they start working, they have to pay the same amount of tax while enjoying much less benefit compared to native americans. Baring such fact, they still are still working hard because they believe one day their american dream can come true because of all the hard work they have done. They make great contribution to the US society.

Now what? Just because the economy is not as good, a small group of people are blaming the opt extension program for their unemployment, and that is absurd. Event if those tens of thousands of STEM OPT holder are forced to leave US, are those unemployed people be able to take up what they have left? Definitely NO. Upon my observation, as long as people are equipped with proper skills, they can find a good job in tech industry.

Those who are complaining about the stem program are just jealous of honest and hardworking people who are making their life better through their own hard work. They want to destroy others hope and make others as poor as they are. That is very EVIL.

Terminating this STEM OPT extension program will do good to NO ONE. 

For OPT holders, the belief that people can make a better life through hardworking is destroyed.
For government, for decades, the idea of people cam realize their american dream on their own hand, which they are trying to convey to the whole society and appeal more elites around will become a LIE. They will lose their honesty to the whole world