I strongly support the new STEM OPT rule proposed by Homeland Security Department.

(1) It takes at least 2~3 years to train a qualified STEM engineer.
I am a PhD student in electrical engineering. In this field, most of the research we performed in universities is at least 2~3 years ahead of state-of-the-art technology. So in order to support these researches being implemented into real industry, a 2~3 years (at least) after school practical training will be ideal. This is beneficial for employers and the whole industry, because they can hire the researchers/PhDs who know those innovations the most, and they are indeed the ones that most passionate about those ideas and willing to realize them. On the other hand, only when college grads get fully trained in the industry environment, can they fully understand the complexities and challenges, so that they continue to improve those technologies and lead to wider spread productions and applications. For example, in the high power high voltage electronics field (for electrical vehicle, smaller compact power supplier), right now GaN is the technology that starts to be widely commercialized just since the last 3~4 years, and this is all due to the opportunities/hard work from those PhDs who had their research on this technology in university and devoted themselves to this electronics revolution after graduation (I personally know at least 10 of them, and all started with the 29-month OPT). Without OPT, many of these technologies/inventions will still stay in the laboratory. I believe this is also true for other high-tech fields, so I consider extending OPT to a 3 years length is necessary. 

(2) STEM extension is the key for attracting international students to get higher education in U.S.
OPT STEM extension is probably one of the most important reasons that so many foreign students choose U.S. for receiving higher education. At least for myself, 6 years ago, I chose U.S. mainly because of this opportunity. For most of ST