
Why would anyone even suggest passing such regulations and/or laws such as this current one. Anybody with any kind of intelligence would not be being that this is a self destructing piece of legislation to any and all Legal American Citizen The leaders and all their respective departments that run this country have gotten so far out of touch with reality that they should all resign or be impeached. They need to start looking at big picture and the real problems that face the Legal American people and taxpayers of this country instead of immigrants. To pass regulations or laws such as the current one proposed is totally asinine and irresponsible to say the least. I am tired of writing and re-writing letters to Senators,Congressmen,the President,Homeland Security, Immigration and amnesty groups and every other group out there only to have these letters fall on deaf ears. When one group gets defeated another one is right there picking up where the prior group left off. How do you expect our elected officials to tend to new business and much more important isuues facing our country when they have to continously go back to old business that should have been finalized. No, instead they get into a catch-22 situation and nothing new gets accomplished. I am enclosing parts of other letters I have written previously because these "groups" are wearing me down and tiring me out, please read on. 
I ask that you please do anything and everything you can in order to prevent any new immigration reform bill from becoming law. Please read the following email Ive sent to many pro-immigration advocates and US Representatives, thank you:
What's wrong with the word illegal and what don't you understand about it. Look it up in the dictionary obviously you don't understand the meaning so I'll spell it out for you. It's spelled, I-L-L-E-G-A-L and it's exactly what these people are, so quit sugar coating it calling them Undocumented Immigrants. They are illegal and have no rights, privilege