The OPT extension for F-1 Nonimmigrant STEM students is a practical and efficient way to stimulate the development of engineering companies in the US, which can significantly enhance the economy at home and the national influence abroad. And I just want to say something based on what I have seen since I studied in the US and worked in an engineering firm here.

Firstly, international students are more talent concentrated. Regardless of majors in the university, the competition of applying to the US universities is much fiercer for international students and the extremely strict selection rules allow only those very top international students to have the opportunity to study in the US, which naturally makes them more competitive as a whole in terms of academic knowledge and professional skills.

Secondly, those who can make it to an engineering firm are even one in ten mentioned above. Despite of their academic and professional talent, those international students are still at their disadvantage due to many limitations not related to educational capability. Take myself for example, I spent over 5 months applying to near 200 engineering companies in my major for a position, with less than 15 interviews and only 2 offers, while my fellow US classmates got a bunch of offers after spending a few weeks shooting less than 30 resumes. Thus, the above mentioned fact makes those who are able to start their careers in the US firms treasure the opportunity much more seriously and work much more dedicatedly.

Thirdly, F-1 Nonimmigrant STEM students are good GDP enhancers and tax payers, although it is almost a known secret that they earn less salaries even when they are at the same position as local employees. When does it start to become a fashion that hardworking talents should feel ashamed for earning less than their mediocre fellows doing just the same job?

But after all, talent and hardworking should not be blamed for the unemployment rate across the country. Chances are n