Of course we should support the new OPT Extension rule.

Here are the reasons.
1. What makes U.S. the best country in the world now. The talent people!
U.S. has the best universities in the world (see how many U.S universities ranked in Top 100 in the world).
They attract the most talent people from the other countries to study in U.S.
Especially for the STEM students, they are the future of U.S. We should make every effort to keep the best students stay in U.S.
It is stupid that we kick out those PhDs, Masters from universities like Harvard, MIT, etc.

2. What benefits can U.S. have if we keep the best students?
Those best students will be entrepreneurs, professors, scientists, engineers, doctors in every domain.
They will significantly make contribution with their expertise and keep those area like IT, Engineering, Biology, Chemistry, Physics, Math, etc. the best in the world.
Their next generation will also inherit their talent and diligent and keep us competitive globally.
Furthermore, while the illegal immigrants and lazy citizens are dragging down U.S. economy, the foreign legal employees are trying very hard to simulate the U.S. economy.

3. What could be lost if U.S. kick out those STEM students?
Companies like Amazon, Google, Apple, Tesla, etc cannot hire enough excellent people.
In long term, they will lack of good ideas and ability to innovent. 
On the other hand, companies from European, India, Japan, or China will raise because they can hire the talent people we kick out.
Imagine you are using Computer brands from India, Phone from European, Search and social media from Chinese companies, using cars only from Korean.
Then U.S. will be a second-tier country or even worse.
The talent students from the world will not come to U.S. universities.
U.S. will be like the counties in South American, because we have a lot of our own problems if we cannot make more money.

4. Will the STEM students take away jobs from U.S. citizen?
No. The number of STEM students i