8 November 2015

The Honorable Jeh Johnson
Secretary of Homeland Security
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I am a graduate student / international student at the Northwestern Polytechnic University(NPU). 95% of NPU graduate students are international students and a vast majority of those are in the United States on F-1 visas. I and/or many of my colleagues will be strongly affected by the Proposed Rule.

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. I'm particularly excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months.
I am currently in OPT after my graduation and Seriously need a OPT STEM extension to apply for H-1 next year and I am glad my international colleagues are able to gain practical training experience in the US and OPT and OPT extension is important to be because that will be good support for international students to continue support for integrity for this country.

I am very concerned with the possibility that my STEM OPT Extension and the ability of students to make use of the STEM OPT Extension might be disrupted by recent court actions, upcoming court actions, and delays in this rule making process. I commend DHS for working quickly to prepare this new Proposed Rule.

I solely support the newly proposed OPT rules like: (1) inclusion of interdisciplinary programs; (2) Mentorship Training Program; (3) Longer unemployment period during the extension, or (4) anything else you found interesting in the rule and the analysis of it

I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to