To properly evaluate the benefits of the proposed rule means to translocate xenophobia, irrationality and subjectivity. The removal of these thoughts from the argument leads to the clear conclusion that nothing but benefits will come to the U.S. economy from the implementation of this rule. The rule has been written with the competitiveness of the U.S. in the international market at focus, after all. Despite not being loaded with statistics, the following arguments have at their basis rationality and personal experience:

1. By all measures, the Unites Stated in general and U.S.-based companies more specifically are suffering a STEM workforce shortage. Therefore, hiring individuals with advanced STEM degrees who simply happen to be of foreign nationality is not part of any conspiracy plot to substitute all U.S. professionals with foreigners, and not because foreign nationals are cheaper labor force, as most objectors of this rule seem to believe, but stems from sheer necessity that these companies have to remain relevant in the marketplace by hiring the best and available individuals for the job. I have reason to believe that Equal Employment Opportunity is what drives the hiring process, which reassures me that the hiring of foreign STEM graduates is done in all fairness to U.S. professionals. The following article is only one of the many articles published on the matter http://www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2014/09/15/the-stem-worker-shortage-is-real

2. To further support the fact that foreign STEM graduates are certainly not replacing U.S. professionals, by means of data comparison (e.g. https://www.nsf.gov/nsb/sei/edTool/) it becomes evident that unemployment among STEM graduates is low in the U.S., but most U.S. students tend to take up jobs in marketing, sales etc., whereas F-1 students who graduate with STEM degrees have a propensity to work in their areas of expertise. These are areas where a real demand exists. Refer to http://www.census.gov/newsroom/pres