First in first, Expanding OPT is an action benefiting the States. Yes, I am talking about this country. I don't want to start from the aspect how it helps international students, which couldn't be more apparent. I want to express how it makes this country we all live in more prosperous.

1. Technology Industry: You can't deny that most foreign students bring their intelligence to our country. And that's what high-technology industry urgently needs in the States. This trend keeps going up nowadays. I found most of the negative voice ridiculously funny 'cause they think Americans can't find jobs because foreigners are cheap. Funny, right? Foreigner students are not cheap at all. Salary is based on your ability. Today we are not talking about illegal immigrants, we are talking about talents. Believe me companies wouldn't hire employee with poor ability just because they are "cheap". Neither of international or American students are superior to the other. Whoever has the needed talents can realize their value. If you can't find a job, don't think all Americans have no job. Even without international intelligent students, you still can't compete with other Americans. Why not just face the fact that your are just not qualified and find reasons in yourselves? If OPT stops, development stagnates, government stressed. What you should stop is blaming own faults on other policy bringing progress.

2 Education: Have you ever considered how stopping OPT extension is gonna harm the country? Besides development stagnates, Students are not willing to study in the States. This harms our all-time honorable reputation of education that we are proud of. The intelligent won't come, and those who object OPT today think they can get paid without working hard as a result of lacking competence. I can't understand how people can be so selfish.

No need to speak more to those who object OPT, as they can't and won't understand or make a change for this country. They are always complaining abou