OPT extension is important for US economy, US education and is not taking STEM jobs away from US citizens.

1. OPT student is important for US economy.
STEM industry is the driving force for US economy and is the reason that US is leading the globe. STEM students with OPT hired by US companies are contributing to this driving force. The most talented international students get education in US and contribute to US for at least 3 years after graduation. Without OPT extension, they leave US right away without any contribution to US.

2. OPT extension is important for US education.
Most international students come to US for education with a purpose of working in US. If opt is gone, they will opt to find education opportunities elsewhere. International students are usually elite in their own country. It is a loss for US universities if they cannot get them. Also remember that international students pay much more in tuition and fees than local students. It is considerable amount of income for universities to build better facilities to make US education stay on top. For example, The Ohio State University (the one I went to) has one of the largest international student body in US and is growing year by year. The extra income from international students is helping OSU build more lab equipment, renovate buildings and be more competitive with sports teams.

3. OPT extension is not taking STEM jobs away from US citizens.
According to (http://burning-glass.com/research/stem/), in 2013 there were 5.7 million new job posting in STEM fields (even more in 2015). There are 1 million international students and 38% of them are in STEM. If we assume 1/5 of them are graduating and looking for job(reasonable for bachelor, masters, PhD combined), that is only 76 thousand people, or 1.3% of all STEM jobs! They are not the reason US citizens cannot find STEM jobs! Actually a lot of STEM companies have vacancies but cannot find right hire. Most companies I know actually prefer hiring citizens