I support the policy of OPT extension. I read a lot of comments and will list several explanations and benefits of this policy regarding those main concerns in the comments. 

1. The main concern of this policy is that it would affect the job market in US. However, most of jobs in US are non high-tech jobs, and one of the main factor that affects those jobs are illegal immigrants. Since OPT only allows students to take positions related to their majors, the students cannot compete with US citizens in the traditional job markets, so the most 
competitors are actually illegal immigrants. Furthermore, my experience is that US companies prefer US citizens since they do not require any other processing or fees for H1B, and they do not have deadline for positions in contrast with international students who hold OPT.

2. The OPT extension policy will help the high tech industry grows faster. Actually, there are many positions in demand that cannot be fully filled by US citizens. One example is data scientist. 

3. I am a PhD student in the field of machine learning. Most of my friends are in the field of machine learning, artificiall intelligence and robotics which are emerging high tech fields. If they do not have OPT extension, they have to go back within a very short time after graduation. This would cause many talented young people to flow away.

4. If the industry is growing, the number of positions will increase. However, if the industry is lack of enough energy, then the job market will shrink accordingly. So in my opinion, the number of jobs is not determined by the foreign students who hold F1 visa, but but the whole status and environment of the industry. International STEM students can help grow high tech industies healthy and energetic.

5. Internation students help local economy grow. According to reports available through NAFSA (Association of International Educations) it has been estimated that international students and their families have contributed $26.8