I strongly support this new proposal. International students are making enormous contributions to US companies. In many big companies, especially in high tech industry, international student graduates accounts for a large portion of total number of employees and this number is increasing year over year. They are playing crucial roles in those companies and among the best in their fields. If they no longer have permission to work in the US, those companies will suffer great losses, so as the US economy. On the other hand, many big U.S. employers are global companies, and by hiring those international students they will also gain more knowledge on their home country, which is very beneficial to their business there.

I viewed many comments opposing this proposal, and I found most of their arguments inaccurate. Many commentators are worried about wages. Almost all international students obtain their OPT in order to get an H1B visa, which requires the worker to meet a minimum salary standard that is far higher than the minimum wage level. Others are really afraid that US citizens will lose their jobs. I also think that's not gonna happen. First, the proposed rule only benefits international employees who attained their STEM degree in US, and the OPT extension only allows them to work in tech industry. Working in any other industry will be illegal and they will get deported if get caught. Second, it was because US citizens cannot fill in the void in the US tech industry that international student can come in. US tech companies definitely prefer US citizens over international students if they have the same skill set and capability because they can work here without any restrictions whereas international students need sponsor from those tech companies.

Finally, diversity is one of the core values in this society. International students have become integral parts in this diverse society. If this proposal is not approved, America is likely to be much less attractive to inte