I firmly support the new proposal of extending the OPT period by 24 months (STEM OPT extension) for the reasons below:

1. If the OPT period is too short for students like me to gain much practical experience, academic institutions in US will be hugely impaired in the abilities to attract the most talented students. Considering more potential opportunities and benefits from other institutions worldwide, students may elect to go to places like Europe or Australia, which will undoubtedly cause bad influence on the innovation capability of United States.

2. E-certified companies will hire international students only if they are in shortage of domestic employees. Extending the OPT period will provide more choices for those companies in need to prosper, while shortening the OPT period will only make it harder for them to compete with other companies worldwide with more beneficial policies.

3. For exceptional employees, E-certified companies would like to keep them by helping them applying for H1b visa so as to stay competitive. But considering the fiercer and fiercer competition for receiving H1b visa, 36-month OPT is much more reasonable, because those already-well-trained exceptional employees would be less likely to be forced to leave and help other companies worldwide getting stronger.

4. Domestic employees with same level of skills are always much more preferred than international students by all companies. So extending OPT period will not damage citizens well trained to find a good job. Only very limited amount of citizens with no appreciated skills might have more struggles. But shortening the OPT period will not help them get more skillful. Instead, it is more likely that they will become less ambitious and losing the desire to learn, as it suddenly becomes easier for them to make a living. This could potentially be the start of a lazier and less competitive country. For leaders of the most powerful country in the world, shutting the door for competition shoul