Hi!
My name is Xiaoyan Qu, and I just entered into my OPT 17-month extension period. I am totally SUPPORT this proposed regulation because: it could increase the chance of obtaining the H1-b working visa especially when nowadays the applications are skyrocketing as time goes, so that they (including myself) would not have to leave U.S. due to the lack of legal visa.

In addition to that, I'd like to share my two thoughts/suggestions:

1. Establish a scoring immigration system: it would be lose-lose when an outstanding student/engineer/scientist has to leave U.S. since he/she were not "lucky" enough to obtain a H1-b working visa. This kind of case is absolutely not a good case for the economy growth/development of United States. Besides, the reason why H1-b visa exists is because United States government wants to have the better/best people stay and work for U.S.. And thanks to, if any, the scoring immigration system, people who wants to obtain the visa or green card would like to improve him/herself so that they won't be eliminated out, namely enhance the competition effect. Granted that EB1 visa has already covered some of the elites, there would still be a lot of great people who are definitely worthy of a legal visa to stay and work for U.S.. I am pretty sure I am not the first one to propose this scoring system, but please re-consider it, if possible. It will be win-win for both foreign employees and the country of United States.

2. Increase the frequency of drawing applications to H1-b slots from "once per year" (on April 1st each year) to "twice per year" (April 1st and October 1st each year): currently, applications could only get one chance (or two chance if he/she has a higher level degree) to be drawn from the application pool each year. In fact, most of the students would graduate at the end of spring quarter or spring semester, who would have to wait till April next year to be able to submit the application. And if it didn't work out, he/she would have 