Based on my personal experience, I STRONGLY SUPPORT this new rule because it PLAYS AN IMPORTANT ROLE IN THE DEVELOPMENT OF AMERICAN ECONOMY.

First, the extension of Training Opportunities for F-1 students would attract more talented international students abroad. As stated in the proposed rule document, this extension "will enhance students' ability to achieve the objectives of their courses of study by gaining valuable knowledge and skills through on-the-job training that is often unavailable in their home countries". Tuition for higher education is very expensive here in the US, especially for those Top-Rated universities. The cancellation of the OPT Extension would discourage many talented students in STEM fields, who may turn to investigate their money in getting educated from other developed counties other than US.

Second, it is vital to extend the current 17-month to 24-month in order to maximize the benefits. During my last job in an IT company, it took me as long as 8 months to get familiar with all aspects about my role and became proficient at work. Some big projects took much longer to complete, and it would be a headache for every employer to find a substitute for an employee who is doing very well on his or her job, if he/she cannot get enough time to finish it just because the cancellation of this rule.

On the other hand, the cancellation of the OPT extension would cause a terrible blow to the the US economy, especially for IT industry. Mark Zuckerberg, the chairman and chief executive of Facebook, Inc., has penned a Washington Post op-ed in 2013: "To lead the world in this new economy, we need the most talented and hardest-working people. We need to train and attract the best," he wrote, "Given all this, why do we kick out the more than 40 percent of math and science graduate students who are not US citizens after educating them?"

In Donna Belmont's comment(ID: ICEB-2015-0002-6469), she claimed that "Our country is being handed over to illegal imm