Musa Chow I strongly support the proposed rule. OPT and OPT extension is not only the best way for the international students to get hands-on experiences in the related fields but also a great way for the companies in the US to gain high quality human resources which directly benefits the local economy and creates an all-win situation. 

As we all know, OPT(occupational practice training) is maximum 12 months work authorization for international students in the US after they finish their study period. While OPT extension applies specifically to the students with STEM majors - science, technology, engineering, or mathematics. Why do we set up the OPT system in the first place? Most international students come to the US to study because the education organizations have the best resources all over the world. However, it's not easy to fully understand the theory you learn until you work in the related industry and start applying those theories and skills you learned in practice.
So we know its a good thing for the international students, how come it is so beneficial to the mainstay industry or even the US economy as a whole? The US economy has been bounced back vigorously since 2008 especially those engineering and high-tech companies like mining, aircraft, medical, auto and IT companies. The development and prosperity of these mainstay industries is highly dependent on the good quality of their people, which mainly lie in the STEM majors. As a matter of fact, any classrooms you walk in teaching the courses of the STEM majors in the top universities, you will find most students coming from another country - either it is India, China, Yemen, Nigeria, Russia or Australia. This conflict, the expanding need of highly qualified graduates and the relatively low percentage of the local students, leads to the fact that a lot of these companies have to hire someone who is not a US citizen. Don't get me wrong, this does not mean these international students are "stealing" jobs from the local people. Instead, all the companies are more than happy to find a qualified US citizen for any position they have because the processing fee to hire an international student is much higher. So to the contrary of the stereotype way of thinking, these students are making up for the locals so that the industry can keep their stability and keep paying taxes for both the state and the federal government.
In such background, it is hard to imagine what would happen if the OPT extension is canceled. How can the projects proceed without enough people working on them? It is definitely going to be a big strike for those companies who are desperate for new blood. Take automotive industry as an example, it has been one the traditional key industries in the US since the 1890s. All the automotive companies have been launching new projects and hiring a huge amount of people. However, not all the companies can get the small portion of US citizen because they can only choose one even if they get multiple offers. 
Moreover, education industry is another most lucrative industry in the US. Think about how much the international students pay for their tuition - almost double up the in-state one. But that's just the basic expense, what about all the living expenses - housing, clothing, food, travelling... Education in the US is not only an industry by itself but also a huge boost for the surroundings, which is creating another big bonus for the local and federal government. Nowadays, driven by the need of human resources market, one of the most important factors is the working environment when an international student is choosing the location. A few years of oversea working experience shows not only your professional capability but also international networking ability, which is a key point as the globalization process deepens. If the policy changes negatively, the high quality source of students may consider good schools in other countries apart from the US. As stated in the rule itself, "The proposed changes would also help ensure that the nation's colleges and universities remain globally competitive in attracting international STEM students to study and lawfully remain in the United States." The proposed rule is not only for the students but more importantly for maintaining the reputation and attraction of the US colleges and universities. 
