I strongly support this initiative. 

By expanding training opportunities for F-1 students, America is able to select the most creative and competitive people and encourage them to contribute their talents. A larger pool contains more students with great potentials, and each of them may bring possibilities to the nation. People are the most important resource a nation has; extending OPT provides America with more human resources.

Competition is one of the driven forces that motivates people to challenge and to achieve. Promoting American people's career prospects by banning foreign students from entering the competition is not beneficial for the society or the Americans in the long run. With competitions, people are more motivated to devote and therefore there is a higher possibility of making technological breakthroughs which might benefit the entire human race. 

America, with its long tradition of being open-minded and inclusive, has already proved that its free soil nurtures great minds, allowing inventions and achievements to be fruitful. A great example is the success of Maryam Mirzakhani, the first woman winning Fields Medal mathematics prize. She was born in Iran and came to America as a graduate student. America provided her free environment that supported her research to a certain extent. It is legitimate to say that America's inclusiveness contributed to the great mathematician's achievements. Should people of America now destroy such a virtue of this nation and shut the door to other groups of people and their dreams, just because they are "foreign"?

I am an international student studying in an American high school, ready to apply for college. I am inexperienced, unknowledgeable, childish, and immature. All I have is the happiness I gain from my study, and all I wish for is a place where I can pursuit my happiness freely. People in my high school are supportive in general, and the climate and scenery I observe here is very like it is in my home. The ch