Dear Chief Westerlund:

I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students".

As an international student, I graduated this year with a Ph.D. degree. After graduation, I have been working as a postdoc fellow at a world-famous non-profit research organization to gain more experience for my future career. Without an OPT extension, I'll likely have to leave the United States when my current 12-month OPT expires. That's why I am really glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension.

I believe that many comments have talked how the OPT extension will provide benefits for both students and employers, or even the economy of the United States. From my point of view as a scientist, I simply want to point out that a 12-month peroid is not enough for a really innovative research project in the scientific area. Take myself for an example, I have been working on a project for 8 months and I just started to obtain very promising results recently. In order to finish this project, at least a few more months, or even more than one year is requried, and you can't predict it because it's a totally new discovery, and that's how science works. If I have to leave the US, my advisor will have to find someone else who have enough background and expertise to continue the research, and sometimes it's very difficult. That's a huge waste of time and the finacial support from National Institute of Health. Many of my friends who work on other scientific areas have similar issues. Things get even worse when colabation of several institutions is involved. Furthermore, the elimination of OPT extension have already made my friends and I feel unclear about the future and it's so distracting that we can't focus well on the research. Thus, I really hope that the new rule will be implemented by Feb