As a previous F-1 student (Non-STEM) and a current H1B visa holder, I'm pro-opt extension (12mo +additional 24 mo) on this point. The reasons are as follows:

1) Stop saying no to well-educated population regardless their intention on immigration. The truth is, those who can gain OPT are at least undergraduates, which means they have bachelor degrees; a big portion of them have master's or even doctoral's diploma.To those right-wing extremists: please embrace the fact that most of them have received U.S. system funding for years during their education. If U.S. continues raise the bar for these population to stay in the U.S., this will be a lose-lose situation; 

2) OPT extension will not take jobs away from U.S. population. for H1B sponsors, a very important step during h1b application is that, they have to prove that noone in the U.S. can get this position. Not as strict as green card application, but very similar. USCIS and labor department examine cases very carefully so in this case very few bad cases can be approved. In another word, if two people stand in front of you, one is U.S. citizen/PR, and another is international student, 99% of the company will choose U.S. citizen/PR. Hiring a non-US citizen/PR means you have to hire an attorney and afford the fact that he or she might not obtain a h1b during the h1b lottery; 

3) longer OPT means no/extreme limited harm to U.S. legal and social system; on the other hand, it boosts U.S. economy: Don't forget the fact that F1 holders are a)well educated, and b)financial reliable, and c) definitely obeying the law. Most of the population are at lease MIDDLE-CLASS in their home country. Yes there might be some criminal cases here and there but generally they take care of themselves. Financial reliable means they would like to purchase a car, a house or other things if they have a better view of their future (for a master STEM student, 2+3 = 5years; a PHD student, 5+3 means 8 years). Thinking about the fact is during this