I absolutely and positively support this new rule.
The duration of an extension would be set at 24 months, rather than limited to a shorter period, due to the complexity and typical duration of research, development, testing, and other projects commonly undertaken in STEM fields. Affording greater participation in STEM training through changes to the period of the STEM OPT extension would also help the nation and its academic institutions remain competitive in light of global efforts offering international students longer post-study training experience without restrictions on the type of work that may be performed. As an application engineer in Dunham Bush Americas that is a air conditioner company, I need at least three years to know well in HVAC industry so that I have the superiority when I go back to China.

U.S. employers will benefit from the increased ability to rely on the skills acquired by STEM OPT students while studying in the United States, as well as their knowledge of markets in their home countries. I am working in Dunham Bush Americas(Miami,FL) while the Dunham Bush group has a factory in China.As a native mandarin speaker, I have my language advantage and the knowledge of markets in my country which helps the company a lot. The company sent me to the factory in order to discuss some projects and learn the manufacturing process. It is a good example of double win for US and China.

As a Chinese student that finished my master degree in Engineering Management last year and just applied the STEM extension ,I really hope the American people should feel the hardworking spirit of OPT STEM students and realize the great contributions from foreigners. The USA is the greatest country on the earth because it welcomes the excellent people from all over the world. We are good friends here to support, to help American people not to compete with Americans in the job market. Also the E-Verify program can figure out this issue. So please do not try to kick out all