This proposal will bring great benefits to the economical environment and the renowned education in US and therefore, I strongly support this proposal. 

First, the OPT program and the proposed OPT extension gives international students the opportunities to enroll in entrepreneur activities and start their own companies, which will apparently create more job opportunities. As we know, the OPT program is flexible in terms of employment. Under this proposal, the total 3-year OPT program will give international students enough freedom to work on their ideas, try on their thoughts and build great companies if possible. Clearly we should support a proposal like this which could potentially bring us another great company like Facebook or Google. And it is needless to elaborate the benefits of having more of these companies. 

Second, the OPT extension program is essential to keep the renowned fame of US universities. In the most recent USNEWS ranking, Tsinghua University in China has been ranked first in engineering schools. American people may argue that Tsinghua is not as good as MIT, Stanford, Berkeley especially in terms of internationalization, e.g., the number and quality of international students. They believe the best university must attract students from all over the world. I agree that it is essential for a top university to get best international students. But if this proposal was rejected, the international students will definitely hesitate when picking US universities. Without these top international students, how can we build the best universities in the world? 

Last but probably most important, the OPT extension program is key to ensure the leader position of US software companies. We all know how important software industry is to the US economy. Without the OPT extension program, it would be hard for US universities to attract best international students and therefore, these talented workforce will remain in their home countries. In recent years, we have 