I am a STEM graduate currently working under OPT extension, and failed in the H1-B lottery this year. So the new rule will tremendously impact my life in the near future. But still I want to present my supportive opinion as objectively as possible.

As most of Americans know, the manufacturing sector of US economy has experienced a substantial job loss in the last decades. The unemployment in industry is not due to the competition from international students, but the shrinkage of manufacturing industry itself, which most STEM students work in. The cause of the shrinkage has its historical cause, the Bretton Woods system, which ensured Americans enjoying imported products at a cheaper price. But in order to maintain the benefits, it requires consistent innovation and industry upgrading. However, most talented US students nowadays choose not to major in STEM, for overwork and underpay (a sign of reduced competitiveness). This, in turn, will hasten the death of US manufacturing. This is the reason why US needs international students to replenish talents in industry, to make industry more competitive and back to the original track. This is the last chance for US to revive industry, otherwise in next few decades, it will lose competition against other countries as well as leading position in the world. But at this time I still consider US as the best land for innovation due to its spirit and system, and still believe that it has the chance.

For the above reason, I am supportive of the new rule to expand training opportunities for international students with STEM degrees, especially for those with advanced degrees. However, we must gain immediate attention to any behaviors that abuse these rules, for example, it is noticed that every year more than half of H1-B visas were used by a few companies, which play like employment agencies and directly hire people oversea with falsified resumes. Such behaviors undermine fair competition and cause further damage to STEM education