This OPT extension should be passed. This is beneficial to both the students and the companies. The students can gain more experience, as most of the students start working in fall and thus they can only work for eight months (because of the 1 year OPT) and if they don't get the H1B visa in April, they have to go back to their home country. Students can't benefit from this really short eight-month working experience which is therefore not that helpful for them to find the next job. Also because those companies always need to spend one or two months in training their employees, the time for students to really gain the working experience is even shorter. It's also not economically efficient for the companies, as long as they finish training an employee, this employee may have to leave the country. For people who state that passing OPT extension will take jobs away, if you are graduated from Harvard and you can't find a job because the company you are interviewing for decides to recruit an international student, spend money in training him and sponsoring him and take the risk of him not getting the H1B visa, that would be a miracle. For those people who can't find a job, that job will definitely not take an international student because those jobs don't need high skills & high education. If you have the education and skills required by those jobs, there can hardly be any reason why a recruiter won't choose you but someone else who needs the company to pay a lot more for them. Also, a lot of universities in the states now are short of fundings, and the portion of the funding those universities have that comes from tuition paid by foreign students is getting larger and larger and the majority of the foreign students can't get scholarships from the universities, so they are in fact subsidizing american students who get scholarships from the universities, this offer higher chance to succeed for those people who can't afford education and thus can't find a job. If the forei