After briefly reviewing a few comments that's against the proposed rule, it feels like some citizens are worried about the salary and pressure of finding jobs. Some people even just suggested hiring more Americans for no specific reasons.

First of all, this rule is not trying to create any unfair situation between foreign students and Americans/American students. All it's asking is to give a better chance to the foreign students to practice what they learned in the school.

Secondly, I don't believe tech companies will hire international students just because they're "cheaper". If citizens are really better in the sense of technically background, I couldn't think of any reason they'll not be hired. The fact is that companies usually don't want to hire international students, because they only have one year OPT program and companies don't want to just spend one year to get someone up to speed but with no way to save them for years. I believe the foreign students are being hired because they are better and work harder. 

Thirdly I agree this might create more pressure for Citizens to find a job. But I think competition is good for this case. The tech company needs creativity and passion, not just to hire someone who won't worry about losing jobs. I'm not the right person to say what's the truth about demand of STEM job market. I'm sure DHS will figure that out. If the demand is really larger than the supply, this should not be an issue.

At last, I couldn't really argue if this will encourage more and more foreign students to get to States. And some citizens who want to pursue STEM degree might not get accepted due to this fact. I guess there could be some restrictions about the percentage of foreign students at college. But once you have the skills or degrees, you'll have to earn the job yourself, not just asking the government to protect you and eliminate the competition. Stop being a crying baby please.

*I'm not a foreign student who will need the OPT. There will