I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:

1. Extension is a good way for attracting students learning in U.S and contributing in U.S. As a F-1 student learning Statistics, I feel deeply that one of the reasons that make me want to apply for the program in U.S is the OPT extension. As we know, the H1B lottery is held every April, for students graduated who do not find jobs offering H1B or do not find jobs, OPT extension is the only way that they can have more time to keep staying in the U.S. Other developed countries, like UK, only allow foreign students one year to stay, so most of the students studying in UK I know, they come back to China after their study. As for master degree, most of the courses are aimed to preparing students to enter the industry, the easiest way is to find jobs in local. If only one year after graduation is permitted and no extension, I think most of the students may return to their own country after graduation, for now, some of my Chinese friends choose to build their career in China since there're more opportunities than before. In the future, STEM students may not even consider going to U.S to study further if they have less chance of working here longer. That'll be a great loss for both U.S university & industry. The reason why there's a classification between STEM and other majors is just because STEM majors can make more contribution in leading industries like technology. Since H1B now is a good policy to limit the number of immigrators, keeping the extension is a good way to attract more intelligent people coming to U.S and making contributions in U.S.

2. Extension is good for competition, and competition is a good thing for country development. With extension, foreign people and local people will compete in finding jobs, serving in industry, ... etc. Employers will have more opportunity to select suitable employees from more candidates. Though competition may not be good for people themselves (there'll always be pe