I am absolutely opposed to the Department of Homeland Security Rule called the Optional Practical Training program. I have two grand-children of an age where this pro-immigrant rule may adversely affect them. They are in their 20s and attempting to find work in the various industries that their training prepared them for. Instead of easing the way for American students to get into the work force, the pro-immigrant leaders of this country continue to follow immigration policies that favor immigrants and discriminate against American students and workers. It is amazing to see this happen and see the "leaders" of this country do everything in their power for immigrants while kissing off American workers via rules such as the Optional Practical Training program and trade alliances.

The Optional Practical Training program allows U.S. employers to hire foreign students for up to 1 year or up to 29 months in certain fields of study. The program was meant to provide foreign students with on-the-job training that would benefit them when they return to their home countries. Instead, this proposed rule, which will extend the program for STEM students to 36 months, would create a way for these students to get a longer-term work visa and eventually a green card. This is a direct violation of the foreign student's pledge when they received their student visa to leave the country upon graduation. It's hard enough already for American workers, especially recent U.S. graduates, to find work, and this rule would make it even more difficult by adding unnecessary job competition to the mix. It is time for agencies of the US government and the "leaders" of this country to stop encouraging an expanded flow of immigrants, both illegal and legal, to this country. Our nation has problems with its water supply already due to climate change, western forests are being destroyed by drought and insects, our infrastructure is crumbling under the weight of too many people using it and not enough 