1) Have you considered the disadvantages you are placing against American students or are you simply providing more rules and regulations and bureaucracy for you to regulate and review as a form of job security at the expense of American students?

Please answer this question and cite and explain properly sampled surveys and research papers prepared on this. Please provide the Administration's official comments and any opposing comments by Congressional representatives.

On what constitutional basis can you deprive American students, such as my two daughters, in order to favor foreign students?

Please answer this specific question with specific constitutional cites as well as cites to pertinent case law. 

Please explain to me, the father of two students, who pays taxes to the United States Government, of which you are a part, as a "government actor", how you are not unjustly an unconstitutionally disadvantaging me.

Please cite the constitutional basis and pertinent case law.

Please read the following and answer all questions posed and your response to all issues addressed. Do not send a form letter in response to the very personal and individual consequences of your proposals:

A Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for Immigration Studies revealed two shocking takeaways about the OPT program that DHS proposes to expand:

OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.

Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa (in a letter to President Obama):

"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 years - the same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be valid - there is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent."
the proposed regulations are "irresponsible and dangerous considering the Government Accountabilit