I support this rule because it will benefit foreign students and the American education industry and economy as a whole.

Foreign students will benefit because it will give them an opportunity to apply the knowledge they have gained during their studies. Three years is a reasonable period because we can expect students to learn the ropes of their profession during the 1st year, then, as a mechanism to compensate employers for participating in this program, allow them to participate in meaningful projects for the next two years. Indeed, calls to extend the program duration are not unfounded because some industries e.g. pharmaceutical have long Research and Development (R&D) cycles and it is to the benefit of both the student and company for the same student to be involved in the entire R&D cycle.

The American education industry will benefit because this program will help persuade foreign students to pursue higher education in America. The fact of the matter is that the top universities in Canada and UK are just as good as the top universities in the US. However, none of these countries have a program similar to OPT. As such, foreign students who are undecided between pursuing an enginerring degree at MIT or Imperial College London will likely choose the former as it offers these students an opportunity to apply the knowledge they have learned without too much bureaucratic hassle. The fact that they can use the income they earned from their job to pay off their student debt is merely icing on the cake.

The benefit to the American economy as a whole is a little bit harder to see. I would argue that the American economy will benefit from this program due to its potential to attract students who may turn out to be superstars in their field of study and go on to produce novel inventions or build large multinational corporations, thus raising the standard of living and creating jobs for Americans. For example, if Americans were hostile to foreign workers, then people lik