As a graduating international student in STEM field, my personal experience in US college, both undergraduate and graduate, convince me the importance and the fairness of the STEM extension.

While the direct benefit of OPT is well stated by DHS, my actual experience provide evidence against many opposing reasoning:

1: OPT of STEM field does not displace hardworking US people

STEM/technology/engineering related job and industry is (and has been) booming and evolving. According to various sources over the year, there has been a shortage in STEM workforce. But in the meantime, STEM is regarded as hard subject, and the most popular college major remain business. But for those who take the harder way in STEM, as I see it, they have a greater chance to develop their career.

I earned my BS from an engineering-heavy and STEM-concentrated university in NY/NJ area, the school has been continuously praised for job opportunity and return-of-investment in the area and even in the nation. In my senior year, competitive US residents in my major often get good job in big names in finance/telecommunication/technology months before graduation, some get salary comparable to Master's degree candidate. Competition is surely a given, but these good-performing and diligent people do earn what they deserve.

2: job hunting in STEM with OPT is not remotely easy

Simply put, you need to truly earn it to find a job in STEM with OPT, it is no easier than any one who want to secure a job in the field.

During my time studying in US, I have filed more than 200 application to get internship or permanent job. Most of them got turned down, while I went through rounds of pure technical interviews for the rest. All technical interviews involve designing and programming, as well as solid knowledge and background in the fundaments of the subject, there is no easy way out unless I fully prepare myself for any incoming interview, learn from past interviews, and work hard in school projects and course