As an American Citizen and a STEM worker who also has children in college that are in STEM field classes I am completely disgusted by my government constant attack on American workers. I'm completely against the proposed change.

Here are some reason this is just a bad policy.

A Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for Immigration Studies revealed two shocking takeaways about the OPT program that DHS proposes to expand:

OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds

John Miano, attorney representing tech workers:

the proposed rule effectively "requires employers and universities to engage in unlawful immigration status discrimination."
"The rule requires these organizations to set up mentoring programs for foreign graduates to work under OPT. However, there is no requirement that American graduates receive the same benefit."Professor Norm Matloff of UC Davis:

On a variety of measures, the former foreign students have talent lesser than, or equal to, their American peers.
Skilled-foreign-worker programs are causing an internal brain drain in the United States.

Professor Norm Matloff (cont.):

If the U.S. indeed "needs" the foreign students to remedy a STEM labor shortage, why do these students need training?
If workers with such training are indeed needed, why won't these special mentoring programs be open to Americans?
OPT expands the pool of YOUNG workers....this is the core of how SCE, Disney and so on can legally save lots of money by hiring foreign workers -- the latter are younger, thus, much cheaper, than the Americans they replace.

David North, formerly of the U.S. Labor Department:

"there is no training in this program. It is just one more foreign worker program and it has nothing to do with students; it is for recent alien college graduates."
"U.S. employers are given a substantial bonus for hiring an alien college grad rather t