Yunfan Yu Full text attached. Outline as follows:

Optional Practical Training (OPT) has long been acting as an invisible hand, directly and indirectly, helping drive the US economic growth in a number of ways. STEM extension, since its announcement in 2008, has played an important part in making the blossom of high-tech industry in recent years possible, as well as helping the US recover from the 2008 financial crisis. The expansion of STEM extension is not only helpful for expedition of the development of high-tech industry, but also necessary to maintain the overall economic growth. The government would not propose a rule intended to benefit foreigners and harm its own peopleits benefit on the US economy and society is far-reaching in the long run.

The United States was created by descendants of immigrants. During the past hundreds of years, it was the hard work of those foreigners from all over the world that gradually made the United States such a powerful country. Even in the new era, it would be irrational to reject the talent input from foreigners.

In general, those who stay and work in the US using their OPT are among the foreigners with the best capabilities.

OPT provides industry with indispensable supplemental workforce with qualified skills, especially in STEM-related fields. Nowadays, the high-tech industry such as engineering and computer science has an unprecedentedly large and increasing need for competent employees, but there are not enough US citizens with the required skills.

The proposal to train US citizens without a degree in STEM fields to qualify them for such positions is not feasible.

Since OPT grants a foreign student only one year of work permit, STEM extension is important for a company to maintain its workforce during the time when some of its foreign employees have not got an H-1B because of the quota limit.

If this rule failed to be passed and the whole STEM extension were to be revoked, it would be likely to bring a tremendous disaster to the high-tech industry.

The argument that foreigners are depriving citizens of their jobs because of the STEM extension does not hold water. It is not true that tech companies are willing to hire foreigners in preference to US citizens because they could pay foreigners a lower salary.

In the rare case that a foreigner does get preferred for a certain position over a citizen, it does not indicate that overall foreigners are preferred.

Besides, it should be emphasized that students working with OPT STEM extension are legally granted to work only in STEM fields directly related to their fields of study, where there is a huge shortage of qualified US citizens. They are by no means allowed at any time to work in unrelated fields, and are therefore not able to compete with citizens for those job opportunities.

Instead of making it harder for a US citizen to find a job, the contribution from foreigners, especially those in the STEM industry, is actually creating more job opportunities for citizens.

From another perspective, OPT is an important factor that attracts foreign students to pursue education in the United States. International students consider getting hands-on practice after graduation a major added value of studying abroad. What makes the US international students No.1 destination for overseas studies is not just its world-class institutions that instill academic knowledge; it is the opportunity to receive practical training by working full-time at world-leading companies that makes US education extraordinary.

STEM extension allows international students studying STEM fields to have a longer period of time in addition to the 12-month OPT to stay for the practical training. Due to the complex nature of STEM fields, a 12-month period of work gives one very limited perception of the field, while a longer period of 2 years or more can train one to become semi-experienced. This benefit of STEM extension succeeds as a contributing factor in attracting international students.

International students benefit the United States by bringing in income.

Furthermore, the enrollment of international students creates a more competitive academic environment and introduces more diversity.

The economic and social benefits of the OPT program and STEM extension are time-tested and far outweigh their comparatively negligible adverse impact. Continuing and expanding STEM extension could broaden these benefits, while any irrational attempt to revoke it would risk bringing a catastrophe too unpredictably destructive for the United States to tolerate.
