I am a PhD student in biomedical engineering. My research focus is on the female pelvic floor dysfunctions (PFDs), such as stress urinary incontinence and pelvic organ prolapse. PFDs have a high prevalence in women of the US and almost one in every ten women will suffer a form of PFD so severe that it will require surgery.

Still the pathophysiology for the PFDs are not well understood.

My PhD studies emphasize the role of engineering approaches (such as computational modeling and simulation, mechanical testing, pelvic floor muscle bioelectrical signal analysis, etc.) to advance our understanding of PFDs, benefiting the diagnosis and facilitating treatments.

I owe my specialized knowledge in this field to the training (conferences, workshops, coursework, etc.) provided by the NIH grant during my PhD studies, and would really like to contribute to the field, by practicing my skills in a medical device company that aims at improving the quality of life of women that are suffering from PFDs. I also believe that it is to the advantage of the medical device companies, and thus to all women who are suffering from PFDs and who will potentially benefit from the products, to recruit potential employees that are specialized in this particular area, to maintain a team of well-trained and high-standard engineers. The contributions of all those who practiced OPT in many of these companies, such as Medtronics, Boston Scientific, Johnson and Johnson, etc, can never be ignored. They are one important factor that makes all these companies and US maintain their global leader positions.
Without doubt, losing these talents because of canceling OPT will greatly devastate the US's global leader role in medical device industry.

The same logic, actually applies to many other industries (energy, food, health, transportation, ...). Losing talents in all these areas will not only reduce US's competitive advantages, but will also further benefit US's competitors such as EU or Japan, because