For more than 200 years, the United States has welcomed immigrants and refugees from around the world into our nation, enhancing our diversity, culture, and economy. Today, many individuals contributing to the science, technology, engineering, and math (STEM) fields are immigrants or refugees, and research indicates that skilled immigrants make outsized contributions to innovation and entrepreneurship, which helps grow our economy and create jobs for all Americans. That is why the President has consistently advocated for commonsense comprehensive immigration reform legislation that would help certain foreign students who graduate with STEM degrees to stay here and contribute to our economy by providing these individuals with avenues to obtain lawful permanent residence (or "green cards").

Last November, the President announced a number of reforms designed to fix parts of our broken immigration system -- including actions to strengthen the Optional Practical Training (OPT) STEM program. Last week, the Department of Homeland Security published a proposed regulation to accomplish this goal. DHS is inviting the public, including students, colleges and universities, and employers, to review its proposed reforms and provide feedback by November 18, 2015. After DHS reviews and considers all public comments, it plans to publish a final rule.
Summary (official):

The Department of Homeland Security (DHS) proposes to amend its F-1 nonimmigrant student visa regulations on optional practical training (OPT) for certain students with degrees in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics (STEM) from U.S. institutions of higher education. Specifically, the proposal would allow such F-1 STEM students who have elected to pursue 12 months of OPT in the United States to extend the OPT period by 24 months (STEM OPT extension). This 24-month extension would effectively replace the 17-month STEM OPT extension currently available to certain STEM students. The rule also improves and 