I support this rule for the following reasons:

1. Equal opportunity to talented people is the most powerful strength that make United States the world leading country, since United States gives every talented people a chance to be creative, to contribute and to grow, regardless of their race, their citizenship and their gender. It's all about talent, which is the key spirit of this rule. 

2. It's a data-driven generation. STEM major students contribute to a wide variety of industry/field/functions, to generate all kinds of analysis to dig into facts and truth, to support making smart/strategical decisions. Keeping STEM major international students stay in U.S. would be a huge fortune not only from data-driven decision system standpoint, but also from multicultural perspective standpoint. STEM major international students can provide multicultural perspectives in understanding facts, creating feasible global strategies, multinational decision making process. So that under the globalization circumstances, United States would keep advanced in understanding different cultures and being well prepared for future challenges.

3.To the point that STEM major international students take native american STEM major students' job opportunities, I would say that it is the competition that makes the United States of American one of the most developed and greatest country in the world. No competition, there won't be progress in the human civilization. So there isn't one takes one's job, but the competition to make this country better and better.

4.Last but not least, STEM major international students make their great contribution to the american education system and to the american economics. Giving STEM major international students a 2-year chance to practice what they've learned here in U.S. can not only contribute to american economics, but also attract more and more foreign students to come and learn, to bring in their fresh international perspectives, etc.

In conclusion, I