Since the H-1B cap number wasnt increased for 2017 even though four times as many as people wished to work at USA. Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 student will help to lighten the difficulty of getting a working status.

I am the one who wasnt selected this years H-1B visa lottery. The lottery is unfair because its all about luck.
I believe many of us (International Student) paid expensive tuition for school and study hard In the same way as any other. However, there is a few chance to get a job and continue.

My point of view, US citizen still have a lot of opportunities and benefit much much more than us. I believe it is not very true that we are taking over their job opportunities. 

First of all, It is not easy to find visa sponsor. Many of companies prefer to hire citizen because sponsoring H-1B visa cost and time a lot. And that is low probability that the candidate will be selected in the visa lottery especially these years. I have seen and heard employer reject once they knew the candidate need the visa sponsor.

Second of all, I have heard many cases that international people get lower pay and overwork because companies know we wont complain if they say they will sponsor our visa. Sadly, a lot of companies get advantage from us. However, there is no grantee that they will really sponsor and we will be selected.

In addition, there are many fraud agents come to us while we are suffering with visa. Those agents pretend that they are nice and helpful intermediary agents, attorney or school. However, they are just targeting us as money provider. It is too late when we realized that there isnt any such a shortcut to get the visa. This visa issue is creating a good chance that the fraud organizations to make money.

Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 student will be a solution to help us to have more stable status without hurting citizen job opportunities. There will be more chance to get a H-1B visa under the lottery sy