I highly support the STEM OPT extension new rule. Regarding the extension period, my preference is 36 months rather than the proposed 24 months. 
American STEM related research institutions and companies need qualified workers with graduate degree. A large portion of stem major graduated students are foreign students, especially for PhD programs. Those students are outstanding. Most of them are fully or partially funded by US Universities or colleges where they study. At the point of their graduation, they are good candidates for the research related positions in advance technical and scientific research institution or companies. Losing those foreign students means losing a large portion of labor force which will take at least 6 years for pre-work education (four-year College plus more than 2 years' graduate education). Considering the education time length and financial cost, it is not easy to replace those candidate. STEM major foreign students do NOT replace Americans from those jobs but meet the needs.
The preference for the longer extension length is due to the essence of the STEM related work. Those jobs may varies from physics to engineering but share some common properties: tedious and unpredictable. Even with a related PhD degree, it still takes one year or more at work training for a fresh graduate to be competent to independently conduct work. Due to the unpredictability, it is not surprising to find one spend years on a project only getting inconclusive results. The longer extension of OPT extension would provide an adequate time length prevent tragedy that one needs to give up a promising project due to his or her OPT is over and having problem for getting a working VISA.
For those who claim companies prefer foreign students over Americans, they ignore the cost and risks of companies to hire foreigner students. In the first year of fresh graduate, i.e. during OPT, he or she is under training and not quite productive. When the worker is competent for ind