Zizhou Deng I was an international student in Carnegie Mellon University majored in software engineering. Now I am working in Oracle conducting OPT as a software engineer, I strongly support this rule that improves and expands OPT STEM extension. Here are reasons:

1.Skills and knowledge, especially in engineering field cannot be simply acquired via classes/projects in university/school. Applying knowledge learned from school in industrial environment to develop real world product is the best training/practice for an engineer. I have profound understanding about this point because I have used OPT opportunity to refine my skills and knowledge that gained back in school and I found it's more than helpful and beneficial. In addition, I found that 12 month OPT is far from enough. One may take at least 1 or 2 month to conduct job hunting, moving and get everything settled down before starting working. After that, in software engineering field, it may take a new hire half a year to conduct field knowledge training, get familiar with programming language and framework his/her team is using, get familiar with different parts of the code base/products and tools. After all these a new hired engineer would become more and more productive and could be able to make contribution to the team, meanwhile, refine his/her own skills. 24 months extension after the original 12 month OPT is a very beneficial rule for both employers and employees, because some product's development lifecycle is fairly long, even up to 2~3 years, having productive and experienced engineers work on the same product is what every employer wants; on the other hand, employee with OPT STEM extension could have more sufficient time to work on every phase of a product lifecycle, thus could get better understanding of applying technology/knowledge in real industry and become a more experienced engineer.

2. Prolonged OPT STEM extension could give international students a better chance to practice their skills/knowledge in real industry, thus The United States would become a more attractive place for international students to go to for higher education. This is very beneficial to all universities/colleges in United States as well as the local economical development. On the one hand, more international students would provide more tuition to universities/colleges so that they could have more sufficient fund to improve facility, hire more qualified professors/lectures; on the other hand, international student would make contribution to local economy by providing more purchase requirements, these are beneficial for local business like house rental business, supermarket, movie theater, insurance company and so forth.

As for the concerns that OPT STEM gonna effect US works' opportunity to get a job by providing less expensive labor, I don't think it would be an issue. Only E-verify program participates' employees could apply for OPT STEM extension. The E-verify program could make sure all employers won't treat international students and US workers any differently, thus, international students gonna be paid in the way US workers get paid, which means there is no impact to US workers due to less expensive labor provided by international students.

To sum up, that's my reasons to strongly support the improving and expanding OPT STEM extension rule. I really looking forward to seeing it becomes effective.

Thank you very much for your precious time reading this, really appreciate it!

Sincerely,

Zizhou Deng
