More important is that Americans need a Natural Born Citizen of USA to keep and protect and enforce the Constitution FOR the united States of America!

Aloha: I support Ted Cruz as our very best Senator, but he is NOT eligible for POTUS, he is NOT a Natural Born Citizen of USA. If he is nominated, the DNC will surely route him out, and win by default. Neal Katyal & Paul Clement wrote: There are plenty of serious issues to debate in the upcoming presidential election cycle. The less time spent dealing with specious objections to candidate eligibility, the better. They published their misleading anti-Constitutional opinion rationalizing that Obama and Cruz and Rubio are eligible, and published in Harvard where all these Obama/Clinton crooks attended.
But no one who knows the following truths of law will allow our elections to be defrauded again by another ineligible candidate who is NOT NBC ! PLEASE, Sen. Ted Cruz, do not violate the NBC requirement as does Obama! You are a great senator, but you are NOT NBC! Stay in the Senate where we can all support your efforts to protect and defend the Constitution FOR the united States of America.

Truth: Natural Born US Citizen must be to PARENTS who are US Citizens.

" 212. Citizens and Natives. The citizens are members of the civil society; bound to this society by certain duties, and subject to its authority, they participate equally in its advantages. The natives, or natural-born citizens, are those born in the country, to parents who are citizens. As the society cannot exist and perpetuate itself otherwise than by the children of the citizens, these children naturally follow the condition of their fathers, and succeed to all their rights. The society is supposed to desire this, in consequence of what it owes to its own preservation; and it is presumed, as matter of course, that each citizen, upon entering into society, reserves to his children the right of becoming members of it. The country of the fathers is therefore tha