I really appreciate the proposed rule which give 24-month OPT extension for our non-immigrant students. I say this not only because I can benefit from it, as a STEM PhD student in USA, but more importantly, I do believe this policy can help the USA economy recover and the improvement of the whole society.

Obviously, the extension of OPT can give more chance to us students to get a job in USA. Someone may argue the non-citizens would take more job opportunities and lead to higher unemployment rate among the citizens. However, I would say we are actually creating more job opportunities rather than consuming the limited job resources. I think economy is not stable, but dynamic. There is not a fix number of job, but can be increased. The increase of job based on the development of economy. But how to develop the economy? There is no way but solve the problems and meet people's increasing demands, such as disease treatment, more entertainment and more comfortable life. All of these depend on the development of technology, the creation. As far as I know, most of the non-immigrant students take part in the jobs related to creation, for example, drug discovery and software development. The creation can help the development of the downstream industry which can make much more positions for the residence. The hard work of us non-immigrants is actually creating instead of consuming USA job resources.

As a non-immigrant student now in USA, I really appreciate the generous help given by the local people, the university and the government. You guys pay a large amount of money, time, patience and friendliness to educate a foreign student. I think our best way to pay back is to work in USA, help the development of the industry in USA, to create more jobs and improve the society. Personally I think if USA government would abolish the right of us non-immigrant students to stay a longer time and urge us to go back to our motherland, the input you guys have given to us would be meanin