I strongly SUPPORT this new extension rule!!!

It is not disputable that the OPT extension benefits the international students and provides more opportunities for the students to be trained in United States. However, American Academic Sectors are the biggest beneficial owners!!!

As referenced above, DHS is taking this action to include a STEM OPT extension as part of the OPT program under the F-1 nonimmigrant classification in order to better ensure, among other important national interests, that the U.S. academic sector can remain competitive globally.
...
Enabling continued extended OPT for qualifying students with experience in STEM fields is consistent with DHS's Study in the States initiative, announced after the 2008 IFR in September 2011 to encourage international students to study in the United States. That initiative particularly focused on enhancing our nation's economic, scientific and technological competitiveness by finding new ways to encourage talented international students to become involved in expanded post-graduate opportunities in the United States. The initiative has taken various steps to enhance and improve the Nation's nonimmigrant student programs.

International students have made significant contributions to the United States, both through the payment of tuition and other expenditures in the U.S. economy, as well as by significantly enhancing academic discourse and cultural exchange on campuses throughout the United States. International students have to pay much more tuition to get the exact same education as local students. Actually those from international students are important and imperative to American Academic Income.

In addition to these general benefits, STEM students further contribute through research, innovation, and the provision of knowledge and skills that help maintain and grow increasingly important sectors of the U.S. economy. 

There are lots of negative comments states that "most of international students are unqualif