Dear Sirs; I am the daughter of one Latino parent and she married an immigrant who got his U.S. citizenship in 1969. I am not against foreign workers or immigrants by any means. However, my family really dislikes the OPT program, after looking it over carefully. 
The OPT takes jobs that my sons would love to have, and has denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013. It has also removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds, which affects millions of American citizens. That is the problem, it takes resources and jobs from the American people and then the OPT participants do not have to leave. We simply cannot afford this kind of thing and we must put our own kids' futures first.
This proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program. It used to give foreign students extra tools to go back and help their home countries, but nowadays it is used as a bridge to stay in the U.S. and by employers to get around the H-1B cap.
Here is what I am reading:
There are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the U.S. in addition to 98,000 in 12-month OPT programs and 30,000 in 29-month OPT programs. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines the job opportunities for American STEM workers. My husband is in IT, and he says that he has seen these foreigners hired because they are cheaper and younger, undermining his job stability and my sons' chances at good IT jobs. Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range, but they cost Social Security about $1 billion dollars a year. How can this be a good thing at this time in our country? They pay no FICA or MEDICARE! And apparently no Social Security! This is a travesty. American workers are disadvantaged by this program for these and several other reasons. 
OPT denied Amer