I support this STEM OPT extension proposal. From my perspective, this proposal will benefit US in several aspects both currently and in the long run.

First, the arrival of well-educated foreign students stimulates local economy around universities. The arrival of more foreign students means larger demands on real estate developers and agencies, automobile dealers, food and drinks, recreational sites and so on. Local residents could make more money to accommodate the incoming students, which on turn leads to a more convenient and diverse life for local people. Thus the incoming of more undergraduates and graduates will immediately stimulate local economy and eventually improve the living quality of local residents.

Secondary, STEM OPT students who is working in US will benefit the retirement pension system. Every penny the STEM OPT students earns, they pay federal tax and local tax for it. But eventually, quite a large part of the students will not have the US citizenship and will not earn the pension from federal government. Most OPT students are in their 20s and 30s. This means that for about 40 years, hundreds of thousands of students put lots of their money in US with low interests. This will reduce the burden of the retirement pension system, and is helpful for the US economy recovery and development. 

Some people argue that US citizens lose jobs because OPT students will accept job offers with lower wages. This is ridiculous. If OPT students wants to stay, they have to apply for h1b lottery selection. One of the h1b requirement is "must be paid at least the actual or prevailing wage for your occupation, whichever is higher" (http://www.uscis.gov/eir/visa-guide/h-1b-specialty-occupation/understanding-h-1b-requirements). If they have jobs whose wage is obviously below average, the OPT students will lose the opportunity to apply for h1b and couldn't keep their jobs. Thus, the OPT students will not threaten the US citizens in the job market.

Besides, the foreig