The major concerns with the OPT program and the proposed OPT extension seem to be:

1. The displacement of American workers by OPT / extended OPT workers.
2. The non-reporting of work / residence status by the OPT worker.
3. The extension being applicable for students working in fields not related to their program of education, thus invalidating the purpose of the program and adding unneeded competition to the U.S. citizen workforce.

These concerns are infact adequately addressed by the OPT/ proposed OPT extension program available for comment at the federal register (https://www.federalregister.gov/arti...em-degrees-and). The basic post completion OPT program, which is of a 12-month period, is meant to be a way for students, as part of their education in the U.S., to obtain relevant industrial experience which they can then use in their home countries. This proposed rule still retains this flavor. The proposed rule clearly states that the duties, hours and compensation of a STEM OPT student should be similar to that of similar U.S. workers. Also, the students have been required to report their residence and employment status to the DSO on a regular basis and there have been several instances of the OPT being denied to students on the basis of violation of this requirement. There is also a requirement that the student must pursue an OPT in a field directly related to their education. It is reasonable that as long as the student utilizes the skills acquired by his/her education in the U.S. in his/her work as an OPT worker, he/she should be able to pursue the OPT. Moreover, the rule requires the institution educating the OPT worker to be accredited, thus ensuring that the quality of the students in OPT is similar to that of the American worker. 

Without the OPT program, the student would find it difficult to pursue a job in his/her home country after graduation which is counterproductive to the purpose of the education. A certain amount of industrial experience (12 