I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students," published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

I was glad to see the proposed rule for re-instituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

The trending of world-wide human source communication and collaboration is expanding, and will keep the main stream in the future century. In the past century, one of the main reason US become the leading country is it keeps opening to non-immigrant people with high degree of knowledge, especially in STEM. From Albert Einstein to Chen Ning yang, to Sundar Pichai, all of them contributes great to the leading position of US. These years, as more foreign students come to US, studying and working, tons of high technique companies flourish and contributes great to the tax income and welfare of US. In these companies, STEM students using OPT to get the chance to work in these companies, and provides a lot of ideas, works, and wealth. US also takes the chance to absorb them as the citizens, and fast increase the Sci & Tech abilities of the whole country. Imaging a lot of these people are forced to return to their countries after graduation, can these companies survive? Will US face more competition in the world-wide economy market? US needs high technique people to keep the leading position in the world, and the proposed rule is by all means the best approach.

Some people argue the OPT ruined the welfare of US citizens, and it's a wast of the tax they paid. I have to say, the fact is just in the opposite place. All most all STEM students in their OPT stage, pays as much tax as US citizens, since they are already tax residents. Since a lot of them are working in 'big companies', they may be paying more tax than the average. R