The extension is beneficial for both American and foreign students. 

First of all, American universities have really high tuition, which is a problem for everyone. There are way too much Americans can't afford higher education. On the other hand, the foreign students who are attracted by the chance of living and working in US pay for their own education, providing the universities with ample fund to establish more scholarships and better facilities. If the extension proposal got rejected, tons of potential international students will switch to other countries, which will be a bad thing for American education industry. And let's face it, education is everything. Apart from the education aspect, international students are bringing economic boost to American, as well as culture diversity. All of this is crucial for America's short term and long term development. 

Secondly, the program for opt extension is only for STEM students. These area need much more highly educated students than domestic students can provide. If the opt extension can't sustain, these tech and engineering companies will need to find more employees somehow, if they can't find them in US, they will have to open up new brach in other countries, which will further harm American's job market. To be honest, the solution for American's unemployment is not about STEM area. 

Last but not the least, even there are some competition between international students and domestic students, it is a fair competition, or maybe the favor is in domestic students considering all factors. Domestic students naturally has better language advantage, they don't have to worry about the VISA policy, almost everything is in their favor. International students have to overcome the culture difference and strictly follow all the rule for OPT students. Even they did everything correctly there is a chance that they can't get H1B due to the rolling mechanism. If there is only 1 year OPT, there will be no fairness at all.

For a st