I STRONGLY SUPPORT THIS RULE and here are my comments/thoughts on the proposal.

1. DHS argues that OPT and OPT-ext is one of the most important reasons as foreign students choose to come to States to get their degrees rather than going anywhere else. I totally agree with this point. I am a international student myself and I could have the option to go to England, but I still choose to come here simply because OPT and OPT extension make it possible for me to put what I learn into practice. This is not only true to me but also to almost all the international students I know of. I As far as I know, a great number of students back in my home country are already considering universities in other countries, like in Canada, Australia and New Zeland because of more friendly policy to international students there and a still unclear future of OPT policy here in the States. If this program is gone, no doubt it will be a disaster for American education system.

2. Public colleges and universities particularly benefit from the payment of tuition by foreign students. I argue that not only schools will benefit from international students but also local economy. I have great examples to support my claim. I am from University of Southern California, a great schoo with largest amount of international student in the States but in a very bad neighborhood. To make sure students can get back to their home safely during the night, USC is making every effort. Starting from last year, USC partnered with Uber to let the student call Uber services after 8 pm and USC is paying the bill for students. I talked to a lot of Uber drivers, they say ever since that, they can make up to 300 hundred dollars every night. They can expect a ride every two mins. Local economy benefits a lot from this because many well paid jobs are created. what is more, we can look at this example from another angle. The people who implement this Uber feature and make it all possible are very likely to be those employee