I used to be an international student with F-1 OPT status. I truly understand how stressful this could be. Nowadays it's more and more difficult to find a job in the U.S. Job market, especially for international students with OPT status. A lot of companies are not willing to sponsor job visa to employees due to the uncertainty of keeping them permanently. Even for those who can find a job, the chance of winning the H1B lottery is only around 30% and will be even less in the future. I believe the extension of OPT period is not only good for international students to stay here and continously contribute to Ametica's economy, but a good strategy for the U.S. to keep talented people. Just do a simple calculation: the U.S. Government doesn't need to pay a penny for the education before the students come to the US, but can "harvest the fruit" at the best time. In summary, based-on the contribution of international students and employee for the U.S. economy, especially in STEM area, I truly believe it's wise and beneficial for us all to extend the OPT period for F-1 students. Thanks.

Jinrui Guo
I used to be an international student with F-1 OPT status. I truly understand how stressful this could be. Nowadays it's more and more difficult to find a job in the U.S. Job market, especially for international students with OPT status. A lot of companies are not willing to sponsor job visa to employees due to the uncertainty of keeping them permanently. Even for those who can find a job, the chance of winning the H1B lottery is only around 30% and will be even less in the future. I believe the extension of OPT period is not only good for international students to stay here and continously contribute to Ametica's economy, but a good strategy for the U.S. to keep talented people. Just do a simple calculation: the U.S. Government doesn't need to pay a penny for the education before the students come to the US, but can "harvest the fruit" at the best time. In summary, based-on the co