I would definitely support the 24 month extension of STEM OPT.

First, the United States has a huge need for such skill-oriented scientific and technological workforce in varies walks of life, such as university research labs, information technology industries, and manufacturing companies. F-1 student body is a very big supply for such workforce. Numerous companies will benefit for the longer extension of STEM OPT.

Second, having F-1 students staying within US longer is consistent with the current US economic policy. US just extended its B1/B2 visa from 1 year to 10 years for China, which could obviously attract hundreds of thousands of more tourists coming to the States to spend and consume, boosting US economy. In the same way, having those STEM students staying for a longer time within US will not only supply US needed workforce, but also promote internal economic growth. 

Third, extending STEM OPT to 24 months will largely attract more excellent international students coming to US for higher education because they have a good opportunity not only studying in US but also gaining valuable oversee working experience, which will definitely benefit their pay level when they go back to their home countries. Having more intelligent international students will increase US university's diversity, and also bring pretty good amount of tuition income that every university loves.

Fourth, extending the current STEM OPT to 24 months will absolutely have no negative impact on the current US immigration status and situation. For those who worry about US having more permanent alien immigrants, you should learn more about the current H1B and greencard policies. As long as the United States holds tight for H1B quota and does not increase the quota number, those OPT students would ultimately go back to their home countries when the OPT expires since they could not get legal H1B visa to continue to work within US. 

Given that each international student has paid at least $60,000 p