I strongly SUPPORT this proposal because it will encourage international students to find a job in the US, which will finally benefit to the development of the United States.

Some say that we cannot give more opportunity to non-citizens because it is bad for local people to find a job. But I want to say that it is craven and discrimination. Employers will NOT give a job to an international student just because she is not an American citizen. To employ a suited people is good for the future of a company, as well as the quality of the university education. 

Imagine that if American government does not welcome the STEM student to have a chance to work here for several years. There are lots of students who are intended to have an education in the US will decide to abandon, which will result for a large salary decrease for the faculty and a lot of unemployment in the university. The loss will definitely do harm to the quality of education and service for student wherever he or she comes from. The situation is that the schools need money and international student need better education and training opportunities. It is, to some extent, a combination. Students from different country studying in the US are really some talented guys, and they study hard to deserve the high tuition. After being well educated in the universities, they are able to work here. 

Besides, although the government pay a lot of money to keep the university running well, there is still another question. You can see how many local students major in STEM these years. The amount is much less than required. Who can be hired if you refuse to hire international students? Please remember the OPT is a temporary permit for international students to work here. The government does NOT plan to increase the number of H1B right??? It will never cause a long-term unemployment in America.

Lastly, I think that only with the talented people from the US and other countries can the States stays ahead in STEM. I believe