For those who said
1. international student use taxpayer money to be educated:
Have you ever imagine how much money do foreign students bring to the US? Most of us paid tuition fee by ourselves, we spend a lot of money on housing, cars, daily use, etc. This definitely brings huge income to the local, or in another way bringing US citizens jobs. 
For those international students offered scholarship, they are very talented, if US don't keep them, they can help the development of any other countries. 

2. Foreigners takes citizen's job?
With same quality, companies definitely prefer citizens over foreigners, because hiring a foreigner needs way more paperwork and they must need VISA sponsorship for long term. Sponsorship cost so much money and it is risky. 
Why would companies hiring a foreigner than a citizen than? Because foreign workers are better fitted and with better skills.... 
Foreigners only take jobs that citizens don't want.. that is why there are so many people working with STEM, cause most US citizen doesn't like the boring science or engineering jobs... 
The low employment rate is not caused by hardworking citizens with specified skills, it is because those who don't have any skills and their jobs are being replaced by machines or technologies, NOT FOREIGN STEM students!! For example, an computer engineer or scientist is easier to find another job if they get laid off. However, a cashier or people working at front desk is less likely, because their work is no longer needed by the current society. Who will hire one more bank front desk if all the transactions, or check deposit can be completed by cellphone? Bank branches are closing not because foreigners are taking the jobs, it is because the society doesn't need so many branches as before. 

3. For those who said people have student loans and cannot find a job... 
I have to admit that tuition is ridiculously high... 
However, if you chose comedy as your major in ivy league and with student loan, you need