I hope we can do better because USA is not the greatest country in the world.

1. It is the government who manipulates the information so that American people think they are open to many things like freedom, actually they don't. So many people like sports and music would vote someone they don't know but if the candidates are from the news, they think they know them. News makes you think Donald Trump is serious about Mexican and Made in China, but this is a bully trying to conquer the world, is this possible? NO. 

2. Do most of the American people know what they are doing? No. Just like other countries, only no more than 5% of the elites control everything. The rest are doing what they are told by the elites. But still they are independent to think and vote. They go to parties, watch and do sports, listen to the music, read book, watch manga and anime, they focus what they are doing and never jump out to the whole thing, which is expected by the elites, the less ordinary people know, the better. 

3. We also have bad ones. The bad thing is people always try to expand a case from a person to the whole people of his nationality. Because USA is a country of migrants, people live with thinks and customs of their home countries. This can not change all the time. So with so many years development, there are people think I am Native American and you are not. How many of you think Indians are good at presentation and Chinese are good at math, Mideast people are good at terrorism and Europeans are good are romance? When native white people have such priority and ew others for the people, they all have priority. So the first words all man are born equal is totally a bullshit since the country is established. Why are you still believe you have the freedom? You are being fooled since then.

4. We come from other countries studying. You have great tech and knowledge in the world. Universities do the study without nationalities so why can the country developed without? We don't e