I strongly support the latest proposal on STEM OPT extension, and I believe one who worries about the future of this country should stand and support this action.

The United States of America has been and will always be an immigrant country, this is an key element that makes America strong and maintain its respectful reputation of being a democratic country. The new blood brought in by highly educated immigrants have been keeping this country alive and strong since its very foundation.

Take a look at the latest technologies that US is proud of, immigrants have played a vital role in them. And thanks to the competition of technologies brought by highly educated immigrants, such healthy competition will continue to boost this country's economy and technological superiority. If the top tier immigrants flow out of the country, their home countries get immediate benefit and will very soon terminate US's technological superiority in many areas.

Those who claim immigrants have taken their jobs are likely to be unwise conservatives, and are mostly self-righteous, laid-off, incompetent and ignorant folks, or someone who seeks to support them and maintain their questionable economical status, without a shred of concern of the future of this country. They define the term "American" in a most narrow-minded, erroneous and stupid way. Almost every US citizen in this country could not have become Americans unless their ancestors were immigrants.

They used to claim that the "collapse" of American Industries leaded to countless loss of job opportunities and second and third world countries benefited from it. Can these people still claim this to be true today? Without reforms in labor market, we may probably using old fashion Nokia cell phones instead of smart phones, and the country may still be struggling with economic recession. A perfectly competitive market defines optimal efficiency, and if the competition goes away due to loss of immigrant labor, we will end up with a wors