I don't know why you're not listening to the people that elected you to represent them or why you and the Democratic Party are so obsessed with keeping illegal aliens in this country. If you, Senator Schumer along with Senator Gillibrand and the rest of the Democratic party don't get off your high horses and pull your heads out of your asses you're going to face an even bigger defeat in 2016. You need to get rid of this amnesty program and anything that resembles it. Furthermore, WE DON'T WANT THESE ILLEGALS IN OUR COUNTRY. D-E-P-O-R-T THEM! Do you understand this or not? You also need to remove any further gun control reform from the Democratic platform. We are tired of having our Constitutional Rights taken away while you keep attempting to give our country away to illegal aliens. If you don't listen and start doing this immediately then I hope your career as well as the other "do nothing career polticians" are voted out the next electionWe are your bosses, listen to us or get out. 
I ask that you please do anything and everything you can in order to prevent any new immigration reform bill from becoming law. Please read the following email I've sent to many pro-immigration advocates and US Representatives, thank you:
What's wrong with the word illegal and what don't you understand about it. Look it up in the dictionary obviously you don't understand the meaning so I'll spell it out for you. It's spelled, I-L-L-E-G-A-L and it's exactly what these people are, so quit sugar coating it calling them "Undocumented Immigrants." They are illegal and have no rights, privileges or protections under the Constitution of the United States and are not legal citizens. Start enforcing the laws that already exist. Deport them and if they want to re-apply for legal citizenship, let them do it legally. If the laws that are currently on the books had been enforced we wouldn't be in the predicament we are currently in. We don't need 11 million illegal immigrants in this country when u