I strongly support the new regulations regarding Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students.

There has been extensively research about whether international STEM students have contributed significantly to the economic growth and technology development in the US in last several years. The results of those research show that the international STEM students did make and will still make contributions to this country. 

As we all know, the United States has welcomed immigrants and refugees from around the world into this nation, enhancing diversity, culture, and economy. For a group of people, who has received high-quality STEM education, would be able to enhance the economy consistently. However, if they cannot be provided enough time and chance to work for the United States, it would produce an unpredictable huge loss for this country. Furthermore, in addition to the economic reason, it is also worth mentioning the potential loss in government's trustiness of the United States. The reason why so many young students would love to pursue their dreams in this country is that we believe that this country welcomes us and would be able to provide us enough chance to present our talents. However, if even STEM students cannot get enough chances to work in the United States, this might be seen as a signal that the United States no longer welcomes the talented people who would love to contribute to this country. As a result, a potential huge loss is around the corner.

Providing more chances to STEM international students is also beneficial to the US citizens. Firstly, almost all the STEM international students just take up the positions which are in lack of competent US citizens/permanent residents. Moreover, as STEM international students contribute to the economic development of this country, the welfare for the US citizens will also improve. 

All in all, I strongly support 