I strongly SUPPORT the 24-month OPT extension rule.

Some mentioned this new rule creates an incentive for tech-companies to hire international students over qualified Americans for lower payment. This is way for from truth. Actually, companies are showing prior preference for local than international students. For hiring international students, companies have to take the risk of loosing an experienced employees if they were not lucky enough to get the H1B visa after several years training. For companies, the technology resources and time during this process to train an employee are much more valuable than money. Thus, it is not reasonable for tech-companies to hire international students just for lower payment. What does influence the decision for hiring people are based on how much value can they bring to the company. 

Some said that there are many Americans cannot find job. Here, we need to figure out what kind of job they are inferring to. For STEM-related majors, as we know, in many universities, most of students are international students. Terminating the OPT extension rule are not helping American citizens to get more job positions, but leave many empty job positions to prevent the fast development of American's STEM industry. On the other hand, let's see what can OPT-extension can bring to American's economy. This rule will definitely attract more talents to study and work for American's STEM industry, which will bring blooms to both the economy and the academy. We can see Singapore and Canada as examples. The welcoming-immigration rules to attract top-students and talents give a positive impact on the economy. Also, the tuition fee and expenditures international students brought bring more job opportunities for catering business, service industry and so on. In this way, this will also help the non-STEM people to get jobs.

Some took themselves as examples to say they were laid off by the company because of international employees in the company. If we took