As a Ph.D who just graduated from Stanford and are currently on OPT, I very much welcome this proposed OPT STEM extension rule. This plan will apparently benefit the international STEM students at the first place, and it will provide tremendous benefit for the US's long term development in science, engineering and high-technology fields, which is crucial for the economy of this country and will ultimately benefit everyone living in U.S (including all the citizens).

I would like to share the following perspectives regarding to the new OPT rule:

1. The expanded OPT rule will keep U.S. as an attractive country for foreign talents to come and study. First and foremost, U.S. is a country that is built and developed by immigrants, and historically international students have had tremendous contributions for this country in the fields of STEM. There is not doubt that the advanced development of science, engineering and high-technology strongly leverages on international talents. Granting the foreign students a decent OPT program will allow them to keep contributing in their specialized fields, which is a great benefit to keep U.S. strong in STEM.

2. On the contrary, if the OPT program falls back to the ancient one that has only one year duration, I believe many, if not all of the international students will be discouraged to come to U.S. Such a step-back of the policy will not only be against the U.S. attitude of welcoming all the foreign talents to come and contribute, it will also cause a significant loss of highly-skilled workers in STEM. For example, tens of thousands workers in Google, Facebook, Amazon and other prominent high-tech companies will be forced to leave the country if the rule falls back to one-year. This can potentially cause a chaotic situation in these companies, and making a considerable negative impact on their business development, and even the overall economy of U.S.. Given that the current high-tech industry is highly replying on the highly-skil