I am opposed to the Department of Homeland Securitys proposed regulation for the Optional Practical Training (OPT) program, which will dramatically expand the number of foreign STEM-degree (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) holders allowed to work in the tech industry. This proposal is certain to harm American technology workers. At a time when many American students are drowning in college debt and unable to get jobs in their fields, the US Government has no business expanding visas for foreign tech workers. Furthermore, these workers will have an unfair advantage over their American competition: Because they are technically students, their employers will not have to pay payroll taxes for them, saving the employers about $10,000 per worker for each of the three years they are in the OPT program. At the same time, because their student visas will be tied to their employers, these young workers will be open to exploitation.
In its initial attempt to expand OPT, DHS admitted that the extension was indeed an attempt to circumvent the caps on H-1B visas.
Not only will this artificially expand the domestic labor pool by hundreds of thousands, but 100 percent of the new recruits will be young and therefore cheap, and almost guaranteed to neither unionize nor get poached from competitors (because their student visas will be tied to their employers). Further, because these workers are still technically students, they wont have to pay payroll taxes, saving the company around $10,000 for each of the three years theyre in the program. 

Before this rule is approved, DHS should have to answer these questions: How many OPT workers will be hired instead of American workers? How many STEM grads have given up finding work in the STEM field? How the new rule will affect tech-worker wages and American STEM-grad employment?
Between 2008 and 2012, technology companies spent close to $1.5 billion lobbying the White House and members of Congress on the immigration issue. As 