Dear Chief Westerlund:
I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.
As an international student in the United States, I am pursuing a STEM degree and will graduate in 2017 with a masters degree in Computer Science. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, considering the lottery status of H1B, its highly possible that graduated students will not be able to get H1B before their OPT expires, and hence, a lot of companies may not hire international students considering their maximum working period could be one year only, which is not enough for them to take responsibilities in any major projects. But there are far from enough native students or workers that can qualify the standard of cutting-edge IT or related companies. So this will eventually harm the development of the IT and related industry of United States, and will lead to fewer position for native workers too. This is alose-lose situation, and can be avoided with a 36 month OPT! 

The proposal to reinstitute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. The OPT will allow me to apply what I have learnt in classroom into real world, and develop my skills in professional environment. 12 month is not enough for students to gain a clear view about an industry or their own career path. We need additional time to prepare use both on skill level and on professional soft skills. Extended OPT will attract more international students coming here, making contributions to various industries in this country, helping US companies to maintain