I strongly support this proposal for the following reasons:

1. The jobs taken by the STEM international students are not the normal jobs that provide living expenses, but the high technical jobs require higher education degrees. On one hand, the US need to create more jobs for citizens. However, on the other hand, the US need people on STEM related career. If you simply, brutally cut down the visa for these international students for science, technology etc related fields, it will do nothing good for the whole economy, and even worse, cause more problems in satisfying the need for thee society.

2. The role of international students actually is a producer of the wealth of the society, instead of taking benefits from the society. People who work hard on STEM related fields are young, well-educated and they are able to work, to pay the tax, to maintain the benefits(medical, retirements, etc) for the rest of the society. These people, together with other americans, work hard and pay their tax to government. It is not wise for american government to kick out these intelligent, hard working people out. Then the burden on american citizen will be increased.

3. It is a worldwide problem that the society is getting aged. The proportion of senior people is growing bigger and bigger in Europe, Asia, etc. Low new birth rate is a problem in many countries. Thanks to the immigrations, it does not bother US as much as in other area of the world. Immigrants was the fundamental of American, and should always be. 

4. The ones who claim "immigrations took their jobs" should not point this to the STEM people. Actually, US need these STEM people more than ever. For example, US is in great need of engineers nowadays. Some of US citizens are good engineers, but it is not enough. If we simply reject international STEM people out of US, for "create jobs", the actual result is to cause economic lose for the industry. As a consequence, more jobs will be lost in the industry chain. In cont