I agree with the proposal that STEM OPT extension should be extended to 24 months. From my perspective, if this proposal gets passed, it will surely benefit the students who are holding F-1 Visa. Some people might think this is not actually helping others, or even say, themselves. I have to say everybody needs to look at this proposal in a long run. There are a lot of indirect affects that normally people might ignore. Without this rulemaking, United States economy and technology industry would be falling behind in this competitive world. 

First, high-tech companies are highly relying on this proposal. A couple years ago, there was no lottery for applying H1-B visa. Whoever wants to contribute to the society after getting a degree from a school, they got a chance to get a H1-B visa. They dont need to worry about their visas. They can always focus on what they are doing. Focus on improving the world. And now, things are different. People who are holding F1 visa cannot be transferred to H1-B visa easily. More and more people are studying in US, but the application limit for H1-B visa did not change. As a person who is working in these companies, I can see lots of people are foreigners in daily work. Some of them are holding H1-B visa and lots of them are still holding F1 visa. I can also see a lot of key persons in the company were part of it. They are working hard. They work overtime. They contribute a lot. They dont do this for making money since they never get paid for doing this. This is all about improving the world, changing the world. Thanks to the current STEM extension rule, people can still work and contribute for another 17 months after their OPT getting expired. We cannot imagine how many people these companies are going to lose if this rule never exists. I dont know if we can still see the blooming economy in US. 

In addition, longer OPT extension can lead to more population in US which also increases the cash flow and helps the economy growth. We all k