Extension of OPT will definitely benefit United States. 

United States is well-respected for its democracy and liberty, but there are also democratic and civilized nations in Europe and Asia. They are also great and respectable. Why is US different? It's the leading position of science and technology makes US stand out of other countries, and be able to protect the constitution and core value of itself and its allies in the quickly changing world. After many millennia, liberty rose and declined in Athens, Rome, in Europe and other regions in the world, always being volatile until the science and technology developed to the level that human's reason can finally defeat their cruelty encoded in genes. 

In today's world, kind people can never sleep without anxiety. Terrorism is still raging here and there and economic system occasionally collapses without any signs. Our major energy resource, oil, may deplete in near future but controlled fusion and other techniques are still under development, with no promise of a certain fate.

In the history, empires rose and fell; economy boomed and then collapsed. The Karma of civilizations persisted until science and technology have stabilized our national and international society. In the modern age, without any doubt, the country owning leading position of Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics (STEM), will "seize fate by the throat" and be the real leader of the free world.

So far, this country is United States. This is assured by its great educational system. In the world-class universities, US professors of different races and origins, convey cut-edge knowledge to students from all around the world. In many departments, international students are even more than natives, and they are trained to excellent scientists, engineers and other professionals with high-level technologies. They are equipped with American value and pleased to communicate with peers of the whole world. They have helped US becoming one of the m