The extension will extremely benefit United States. The following clearly point out that extension is needed, and the longer the better.

If no extension, or even no OPT at all, how crisis U.S will be facing in the near future? Now the 12 months for STEM major is too short for securing one's first job. I was a graduate with master's degree trying to find a job last year, although I was among top 10% in university, it's still hard to succeed in only one interview. No matter foreigner or domestic graduates, finding their first job is pretty time consuming because we need to fill hundred's online applications and attend dozens interviews, all these process need time. A 12 months period may only enough for 10 interviews. How many domestic graduates can get job within 10 interviews? And much less of internationals. If a skillful international graduate have to go home only because his time limitation to find job, how to say this is not a pity? They should have chance to apply their skills and knowledge to U.S companies to help them earn more, but they have to leave. In addition, what they will do when they back to home country? Get enough time to find job and benefit to their home companies, of course. As far as I know, some countries such as China and India have new policies to recall their students back to build companies. Most of the co-founder of DJI have experience of study in U.S, if they didn't go back after graduation, won't DJI be a successful U.S company? Furthermore, the shorter of OPT period, the less possibility that students will come to study in U.S, which strongly decrease multi culture in universities, and make them less competitive among other universities in the world.

Consider the existence of the extension. Students, or say international graduates will have time long enough to find their jobs,thus applying their knowledge and skills to U.S company. Most of the graduates coming from China and India have better math and logic education, which is extrem