I fully support the proposed rule.

I would like to lay out some facts about OPT students up front. 
1. OPT students are NOT illegal immigrates. OPT students have legal status and they are economically independent, which both the universities and government required proof before issuing visa. OPT students are not fed by US government!

2. OPT students pay taxes! International students pay less tax than citizens while on OPT, but once they change their visa status to work visas like H or L visa they pay the SAME taxes like every citizen, even if they do not enjoy as many rights.Each year, h1b holders pay more than 27%, and often more than 30% of their salary to the federal, and even more to the federal and the state. This money is used in increasing the medical and other welfare of American people. 

My support for the proposal is based on the following reasons:
1. The extension of OPT is NOT equivalent to giving out jobs to international students for free! OPT students are required to seek employment on their own and they are given a deadline of 3 months to secure a job. OPT students are also given less job opportunities because only a few tech companies are willing to hire international STEM students. OPT students have jobs because they earn the jobs through competition. 

2. OPT students are NOT stealing jobs from citizens. US needs skilled and well-educated STEM work force to stay on top at STEM fields, stimulate tech company growth and create MORE JOBS! The extend of OPT attracts more talented young professionals from diverse backgrounds to join the STEM field, develop the business and CREATE MORE JOBS. It is just wrong to deprive the international students the opportunity to work in the job they got through fair competition after US has been benefiting from their contributions. Immigrant-founded Fortune 500 companies employed 3.6 million workers around the world in 2011 and were responsible for more than $1.7 trillion in revenues in 2010, according to the Partn