Hello, First I would like to thank the government for the hard work that several agencies perform to keep the country running smoothly and happily. I would also like to thank the Department of Homeland Security specifically for proposing this new defense (and extension) of the OPT program.

Next, I would like to speak of one more opportunity to work toward prosperity and good will in the country - The chance to extend the duration in which highly skilled and motivated visitors to this country can work alongside Americans, enabling all qualified individuals, regardless of country of origin to pursue their own happiness. 

The benefits are numerous.

Firstly, the United States' world-renowned post-secondary education system brings in the best mind from around the world, and spends millions of dollars in scholarships and fellowships to incite them to engage in research that benefits our own local universities, industries, and economies long before they reach the world market. In order to keep these great minds in the country, thus continuing to bolster the United States' economic and technological dominance around the world, we as a nation have to be willing to incentivize their stay for a short duration after graduation so that they may find a productive workplace. It would potentially be a waste of millions of dollars annually to train the best workers for other nations, since a hostile or jobless work environment will push the brightest minds back to their country of origin much more rapidly.

Secondly, the diverse American workplace can only enhance the reputation of the United States worldwide. When brilliant minds from all continents flock to one place for the betterment of humanity, America ought to hope that it is the destination. Indeed, multicultural and multinational cooperation starts at a local level, when you win the minds of students and young workers. 

An so, I urge all concerned agencies to carefully consider the consequences mentioned in this comment