I strongly support this proposed rule since this is a win-win strategy for both US and international students who attained or is going to attain STEM degree in US. On one side, US tech companies rely on international students to create values for their companies, which bring more revenue and then be converted to tax for IRS. And this tax would benefit each US citizens here. For international students here, this is a good opportunity to apply what they learned in class and gain more real-world industry.

After reviewing so many negative comments who object the proposed rule. I found something they have in common: they are really afraid that US citizens will lose their jobs in all the industries.

I don't think they have to worry about this at all. First, the proposed rule only benefits international employees who attained their STEM degree in US. And OPT extension only allows them to work in tech industry for a longer period of time. Working in any other industry will be illegal and they will get deported if they get caught. Second, due to the conversation I had with multiple HRs from Tech Company in the pass, the truth is, when they are looking at candidates, US citizens is prioritized to hire, only if US citizen cannot fill in the void in the US tech industry that international student can come in. US tech companies definitely prefer US citizens over international students if they have the same skill set and capability because they can work here without any restrictions whereas international students need sponsor from those tech companies. And those tech companies is risking potential loss of those international employees because of the H1B lottery system. So, why would they choose international employees if they have to face those troubles?. 

So, if those people really need something to worry about, this is what they are supposed to worry about: why not spending more time improving their own skills set those companies are looking for instead of wasting time leavi