I strongly support this rule. Below are some of my thoughts about it.

I heard that WATW began to use a facebook page to instigate their members and other people to leave negative comments to this rule and they even provided some sample comments and templates to make things easier for everyone. How sweet is that! For those who object to this proposal, they argue that international students (i.e non-resident aliens) have taken away too many STEM job opportunities from hard-working Americans by taking advantage of STEM OPT and its extension. It is not acceptable because American kids who are born and raised under the US education system should be smart and creative enough to qualify for those jobs, which are usually of good pay also. Citizens should have the priority to get better jobs so the STEM OPT itself was not supposed to exist at the first place, let along extending it for non-resident aliens.

As an international student myself, I admit that United States have a great education system, particularly higher education, and that is why my husband and I chose to get our post-graduate degree here after we graduated from college. And I believe so are the many, many other international students around the world. I also appreciate the fact that our American classmates and colleagues in graduate school are brilliant, diligent and creative thinking. However as a student with STEM major, I also believe that the American people who object to this rule have probably ignored a key fact, which is the proportion of international students in STEM majors in US colleges and graduate schools. My husband was from an engineering school, and at least 80% of master and doctorate students in his department are from China and India with student visa. I major in Biology and the situation is a lot better in my department. However the number of international students that my department recruits each year has kept increasing for the past five years. Our friends who studies at other major un