At the heart of this issue is obviously protecting Americans, their wages and jobs. I applaud Washington Tech for standing up against depressed wages. I truly wish that more lawsuits would occur involving unpaid interns. So many employers want free labor and students engage in this work to gain the experience to be competitive in the market place. The trouble is that employers get a taste for free labor and they want more. This is what is truly driving down wages and new hiring for everyone. There should be enforced limits on unpaid internships and employers should be held accountable. 

With regard to international students, it is extremely important to remember the value that these individuals and their families bring to our country and our economy. First and foremost, is their work ethic, drive and creativity. The ones that make it here are living their dreams to study and work in the land of opportunity. Generally speaking, they are some of the top students you'll find within US universities. This is certainly the case at our school. Secondly, is their contribution to the cultural richness and diversity that makes the US such an incredible nation. These students engage with domestic students and everyone benefits overall from improved communication and cultural skills helpful in the global workforce. 

And then there is the financial benefit to having international students here: According to NAFSA findings, during the 2013-2014 academic year, "the 886,052 international students and their families at universities and colleges across the country supported 340,000 jobs and contributed $26.8 billion to the U.S. economy." "This is a 8.5% increase in job support and creation, and a nearly 12% increase in dollars contributed to the economy from the previous academic year." You can see more about this study here: 
http://www.nafsa.org/Explore_International_Education/Impact/Data_And_Statistics/NAFSA_International_Student_Economic_Value_Tool/

As a former DSO and current