This STEM OPT Extension law will only make United States better.

First, this process of OPT is being monitored by government according to the bill. There's no chance for companies to hire international students to pay lower wage, and there's no need for American students to worry about job shortage because of international students. There's a huge shortage in the STEM area and that's why tech companies are willing to hire international students to fulfill the lack of work force. If there's enough domestic engineer students to take those jobs, why do companies want to hire international students and cause extra cause for the legal process? American citizens should worry about how to regulate H1B visa and stop some companies abusing this program to send cheaper work force from oversea. And also as a temporary program, OPT could last 3 years at most, and most students I know want to come back to there own country after the program. The reason why we need it is that no company wants to hire students who could only work one year and leave. The program is just to make sure that STEM students get enough time for training, and not to fight against American students in the job market.

Second, International students are providing a huge contribution to the education system of this country. The average tuition for international students are 3 times higher than domestic students, which goes to the scholarship of the u.s citizen students and the better quality of the education system in United States. The reason why this country could stay in the top is that all of the top scholars and educated experts immigrate to there and develop better technologies. Most students who are eligible for this program graduate from top universities in the United States. The only way that could make this country better is to get more expertise there rather than sending them back after graduation.

In conclusion, the STEM OPT EXTENSION bill is under great regulation and monitor, which could make 