I totally supported this rule, here are my points:
1: Nowadays, a lot of countries are trying to attract more international students, including Canada, UK, China and so on. The reason is very obvious, on one side they want to let more people know their country to increase their impact on the world, and also they want to make money from these international students! Why more and more people choose the United States for STEM degree? That is because they can find a stem related job after they graduate, if the stem opt extension ended, there is no doubt that most of international students will lost their interest to go to the US.
2: Currently there are more than 50000 people who are already in 17 months opt extension, if this extension ended, all these people should leave the US immediately. Some of them may involved in some very important research or project, if they are forced to leave, that would caused countless lose to American Company, American Lab and School! So DHS should address this critical problem to reduce the lose to Americans.
3: Nowadays a lot of research should last more that 24-36 months, if the student only have one year of OPT, it is impossible for them to finish the project, which is really a bad things. I worked for Oracle Internet of Things Project more than one year, a lot efforts has been made in the past year, but the final product is still under development, more time are needed for the project to be finished!
4: Some people may says the STEM extension of OPT would allow international students to rob the job from US people, but the real things is that students in STEM extension period are also allowed to work in e-verified company, which means that international students would have the same pay as US people and they will also need to pay tax as US people. There would be no chance for e-verified company to hire low cost people. I worked for Oracle American Inc for more than one year, I can tell you that nearly 1/3 on my annual income as been re