I am an international student. 
The reason why I chose USA 2 years ago is that this great country has better policy for engineering students.
Actually I got admissions from other countries. One is from Singapore. Two are from Australia. Nanyang Technological University University of Sydney, University of Melbourne they are all great universities, right? 
Singapore has a great policy to attract and maintain talents. You can get a green card immediately as long as you are willing to work in Singapore after your graduation. And we can not deny that Singapore is a global commerce, financial and transportation hub. As a Chinese, I even do not need to worry about culture and language problems there. It is a perfect country for Chinese who want to immigrate to. But I did not pick it. Because I don't want to give up my Chinese citizen, both in the past and the feature. So, why don't I choose a country I admire most? the States.
The states is the 1st developed country with the most advanced technologies. The attractiveness of USA is that it respects diversity. I thinks this its secret why this country always keep advanced. We can see scientists and talents come from different origins. This country never mind your color or your citizens. If you are a talent , it respects you. 
I think OPT extension is a win-win. I spent 2 years here, I paid for high tuition as an international students. The university I attended is a public one. Our tuition is 3 times as my other local resident friends'. I got an opportunity to study at the most developed country, I think it is worth. My high tuition is used to support the university. After graduation, OPT provides the opportunity of making a contribution to the country in the industry. We work hard and pay for the tax part. We don't compete with citizens. And we don't enjoy those benefits for citizens. Too Many companies don't hire international students. And if they do, we still are spare tires. If there is a suitable citizen person for an 