This circumvents present government laws and creates a shadow Hb1 workforce as well as the amount of time F-1 foreign workers can remain working in the US. (from 9 months to 36 months.
I oppose this regulation also for the following reasons:

By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 yearsthe same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be validthere is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent

Expanding de facto guest worker programs like Optional Practical Training (OPT)through which employers hire more than 120,000 young college graduates per year who hold F-1 visasbut do not even guarantee that those foreign graduates are paid the minimum wage, let alone the prevailing wage, chase Americans out of computer science and creates a self-fulfilling 'shortage' as Americans respond to a relatively better market as engineers in other fields

The Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule to expand the Optional Practical Training program amounts to corporate welfare. The proposed rule would extend the amount of time a foreign student can work in the United States from one year to three years. It artificially expands the pool of available workers, allowing employers to depress wages and avoid paying their share of payroll taxes by hiring foreign workers instead of American workers. This rule lines the pockets of greedy business owners at the expense of American workers.

The Optional Practical Training program allows U.S. employers to hire foreign students for up to 1 year or up to 29 months in certain fields of study. The program was meant to provide foreign students with on-the-job training that would benefit them when they return to their home countries. Instead, this proposed rule, which will extend the program for STEM students to 36 months, would create a bridge to a longer-term work visa and eventual green card.