I was fortunate to have been given the opportunity to pursue graduate level education in the US. Based on my performance and skill set, I got a free ride for 7 years of my graduate school for both my Masters program and PhD. I am truly grateful for the opportunity and I would like to pay it back by contributing to the US economy. The OPT program is a mutually beneficial arrangement but due to the convoluted nature of the immigration process, the uncertainty during and after the OPT period adds a lot of stress to recent graduates like myself. 

I am a Mechanical Engineer and I am currently working as an Engineering Manager at a thermal solutions company. I am part of a changing business. The world is moving towards automation and many of the low skill, repetitive jobs are now being done by machines. The changing business models are putting high demand on high skill labor. The graduate schools are pumping out eligible high skill work force but current immigration regulations make it very difficult for an international student to find a job in industry that fits his/her skill set. Even with my Doctorate degree from a reputed school, I had to search for a job for nearly a year, primarily because of the fact that I am not a permanent resident. I interviewed for nearly 30 positions during that time where the employer was impressed with my resume and skill set but could not hire me because I am not a citizen or a permanent resident. It is discouraging to see that there is a huge demand in the market for someone like me but not enough pool of candidates for businesses to fill those positions due to immigration road blocks. 

Extending the OPT period is a first step in simplifying the process. EB1 category for applying for a green card is a good system for people who prefer to stay in academia and research. There is no equivalent category for individuals who would like to work in industry. Eventually, I believe that the pathway to citizenship should be simplified as well for