I strongly agree with the STEM OPT extension, here are some reasons.

1.STEM stands for Science, Technology, Engineering and Math. The STEM students are highly educated, graduating with a bachelor's, master's or even PhD degrees in engineering/ technology. Most of them are working at high-tech companies, research institutions, making a huge contribution to not only America's economy, but also science and technology.

2.If OPT extension is canceled, more than 10 thousand people will have to leave the country, leaving the positions empty, and the high-tech companies have to find the qualified people to fill the positions by February ( The majority of the positions need professional, experienced skills, they are not like jobs in McDonald's that everybody can do). If they cannot find the right candidates to fit these positions in time, it would be a big loss to those high-tech companies, and it would be a big loss to this country as well.

3.Some people are worried that the STEM students would "steal" the jobs from American citizens. They are not stealing jobs, on the contrary, they are "creating" jobs. These foreigners are contributing to the economic growth by working and living here, they create products, inventions, and they consume goods, groceries and pay tax. These all fuel economic growth. Once the economy is good, jobs are created. OPT extension policy was made in 2008, when the US was suffering a great financial crisis, but look how good the economy is nowadays. I wouldn't say it's all because of the STEM extension policy, but it must have something to do with it.

4.Indeed there are still some Americans who cannot find a job, they are still suffering unemployment. But these are not high-tech jobs for sure. Actually, the amount of the jobs that need engineering, technology background is larger than the amount of qualified candidates this country can offer domestically today. That is why they need international students. And as far as I know, the internationall