1. Americans are just looking at how many job the foreign students are taking, but not what kind of jobs we are taking. "Though international student graduates earned only 11.6% of all doctoral degrees in the U.S., foreign students earn 57% of all engineering doctoral degrees, 53% of all computer and information sciences doctoral degrees and 50% of mathematics and statistics doctoral degrees, according to the National Center for Education Statistics." http://college.usatoday.com/2015/07/08/international-students-stem-degrees/

2. Please look at the unemployment rate by occupation, the Bureau of Labor Statistics has a table showing the "unemployed persons by occupation and sex". The unemployment rates are actually the lowest for the occupations that the STEM students will going into.The highest unemployment rate are in following occupations: Natural resources, construction, maintenance, transportation, production, food preparation and serving related occupation, building and grounds cleaning and maintenance occupations, 
http://www.bls.gov/cps/cpsaat25.pdf

From what I listed above, we can make 2 conclusions: 
a). Those students take up a large percentage of those field of study (STEM) because the American students are not that interested in those fields. So the foreign students are not competing jobs with Americans, but actually helping them doing works that they don't want to do. 
b) Because there are low unemployment rate in highly educated fields, but high unemployment in fields require less education. The unemployment in the US are not caused by educated foreign students taking up jobs in the US, but other reasons. 

And just imagine what will happen if all the foreign students go back to their own countries after their training. Not only the foreign students lost their chance to exercise their talent, the US is losing a large number of highly educated professionals that can not only support themselves but also make contribution to the US. 

Please take a minute