OPT extension should definitely be supported.
Firstly, we are in the stage of information and technology. Creation and revolution of technology is happening every day, contributing to the economy boom and prosperity of USA today. Large number of excellent engineer, scholar, and researchers are the key component. They make the engine of our country running faster and faster. Thats why we need to attract worldwide best people to come to US. For example, one interesting survey revealed that very highly percentage tech companies whose cofounders are international students. Lets take Nimble Storage as an example. Nimble Storage is a flash storage solutions company based in San Jose, California founded in early 2008. It was founded in January 2008 by Varun Mehta and Umesh Maheshwari. This company platform enables IT organizations to accurately predict, manage and deliver the storage required to optimize business applications and workloads across their IT environments. It is because we have good policy OPT and its extension that these excellent international students could stay in US to make revolutions. Many examples like Nimble storage are happening in our country. Why would we expel them? 

Secondly, if OPT has only one year, then many companies would not like to recruit the international students. One year is too short. But not only US, many developed and developing countries have large amount of need to excellent engineer and scholar. They are very glad to see those excellent students receive best quality education, return to their own country, make further contribution. Without the support of OPT extension, many excellent international students would leave US, that undoubtedly would be a great loss to America. 

Thirdly, many local students hold very narrow opinion that it increased difficulty in finding jobs in US. Thats ridiculous. The competition between international students and local citizen students could help the company choose the better people to be qualifi