I object strenuously to any extension of the time OPT trainees are permitted to stay in the United States. In the years 2009 through 2013, these foreign students were given private sector employment that displaced over 430,000 jobs that should have been available to US Citizens. Further, because employers pay no FICA or Medicare taxes to OPT employees, cash strapped Social security and Medicare programs lost 4 billion in desperately needed revenue over the same period.

The Homeland Security proposal to extent the time available to certain OPT students will triple the number of jobs removed from the market for US Citizens and will likewise triple the loss of funding for Social Security and Medicare.

Even worse, in the long term, is the US "brain drain" that results when STEM training and employment opportunities are awarded to foreign students instead of US Citizens. The OPT students will return to their respective countries with high level skills. US Citizens, because their training opportunities were displaced by foreign students, will not be available for jobs requiring STEM skill sets and the cycle of subsidies for foreign OPT employees will perpetuate itself.

No doubt, some employers consider this a desired feature of the program because of the lower employee costs. In terms of long term support for a robust national economy and developing the skill sets required to keep the United States at the leading edge of technological advancement, the OPT program is a poor model indeed.

Finally, whatever justification Homeland Security has for making this destructive proposal is entirely opaque. Why is Homeland Security involved in proposals that involve exclusively economic impacts and that have little relevance to protecting the American people? Making the US economy strong is one of the most rational security measures we can take as a nation. Weakening that economy by expanding programs like OPT runs counter to that imperative and inspires no confidence in the Amer