I strongly favor the proposed rule. I wanted to add on to my previous comment and bring to light few more facts which I found out recently. 

The proposed rule will not only provide much needed US STEM graduate pool which would help US employers as stated in the recent BLS report : "U.S. will need approximately 1 million more STEM professionals than the U.S. will produce at the current rate over the next decade if the country is to retain its historical preeminence in science and technology,"

To further strengthen my point I have recently come across an article in US News which states : "a recent report from the Bureau of Labor Statistics states that the U.S. is not graduating enough students with skills in science, math and technology to meet the growing demand for tech company workers - a point confirmed by data from the 2015 U.S. News/Raytheon STEM Index".

To address the point of being cheap labor I'm quoting the same article in US News which also states that "Data from MyVisaJobs shows that the top 25 companies sponsoring H1-B visa workers - including Google, Apple and Microsoft - offer foreign workers an average salary that is competitive with wages offered to Americans for tech occupations. The national average salary for a software engineer, for instance, is $90,000, according to employment site Glassdoor." I can vote for this statement, as being a STEM student myself I have a sense of the job market and I can speak for myself that my compensation is competitive or at times is more than what a US worker would get. 

If this program were to be shut down this would see a drastic decrease in influx of foreign students coming to pursue higher STEM degrees from US universities. Lets not forget many of these students pay out of state tuition which contributes to the US economy.

Lastly, OPT STEM program not only helps US employer to gain from a foreign students skills acquired in an accredited US university but also contributes to the US economy in the form of pa