Hey there,

I DON'T SUPPORT BANNING STEM EXTENSION. BUT IS IT REALLY A BIG DEAL FOR ME? NO. INSTEAD, IT IS A BIG DEAL FOR YOU - THE UNITED STATES OF AMERICA.

I was asked to write this by my friend actually. Even though I am an F-1 graduate student in the field of Exercise Physiology, I don't see banning as a big deal. I can be well off anywhere in this world and I don't care if I will go back to my own country. However, I would like just to remind you guys from an outsider's point of view.

Anti-immigration is just a joke, saying immigrants are stealing US citizens' jobs is another joke. The U.S. is a country that is made up of immigrants, completely and entirely throughout the history, and are you even aware of that? Not getting a job is due to the fact foreign people steal your jobs? Jesus Christ, come on, someone "stole" your jobs! Was that approved by your boss? Oh yes! Wait, if yes, then how the heck this could be stealing? It is simply you, as an employee, is not competitive or qualified to do this job as good as another employee... So why not get trained and work harder to beat other people? As a US citizen, do you want to live in a place that's full of jokes and lies like this? Is this a country that is no longer free for people to pursue their dreams? If you would like to say no as your answers to the above questions, please continue reading.

Banning STEM extension is just a stupid step, and it harms both the U.S. and the F-1 students. A lot of intelligent people would not have enough time to work in great firms to show and demonstrate their ability if this STEM extension is going to be banned. And those great firms will lose the opportunity to attract diverse, hard working young people from all over the world because of the banned STEM extension, because of the insecurity of leaving the job in just a year. It is not a win-win situation at all, it is a perfect case of lose-lose story. 

I am not a desperate person, but I am just thinking in your shoes for