Vivian Xie Docket No. ICEB-2015-0002
Comment: 
In overall, this regulation is deserved to be executed. As long as details, some revise could happen to make it good to practice. Focus on the rule elements:

V. Discussion of Elements of the STEM OPT Extension
A. Including a STEM OPT Extension Within the OPT Program
Why it is necessary to have OPT? Why it is necessary to have OPT extension? This is not only OPT thing; it is about the future of US higher education and its leadership in the world. 
"Diversity" is absolutely the label for US higher education and the reason for US leadership in the world education stage. So US is in need of international students to keep competitive. But considering, if there is no OPT any more, it means international student will directly go back to their countries to work, which means US pays to educate elite for other countries. Also, it would be the same thing if there is one year OPT program without extension. Because, after one year opt, student will be more productive and create more profit. It is not a good idea to give them back to their countries at this time. 
In some ways, international students are important economic income for American universities and research Institute. Why US could cost huge amount of money on innovation and research which cannot be achieved in other countries? The income from the international education contributed a lot to support America to be the brain of the world, especially in the medicine, IT, mathematics, and engineering etc. which are the fields developing rapidly. OPT extension categories just cover these field that US is in need of. 
I could say the foreign people in US now are all the percent of elite in their own countries. They contribute their intellect to US. But if there is no OPT extension any more, it would be less and less attractive to the big brain in the world. Because, many countries like Canada, Australia, even some European countries are more open now to the excellent resources from all over the world. US need such rules to hold the talents. 

B. STEM Extension Period for OPT
1-2 years extension is reasonable, thus OPT will make the maximum productivity from student workers to the States. It is good to understand some comments considering that this rule will make more foreign people immigrant to US because of foreigners' expanded time in US. But actually this rule is just for temporary work authorization. People could not use opt extension to apply for a green card. So if there is no change to H1-b visa regulation and green card application, the number of the immigrant of each year is a fixed quote, which will not affect immigration. 

C. STEM Definition and CIP Categories for STEM OPT Extension
OPT extension only cover STEM categories. Some people considered this rule might make more US people lose their jobs. But actually, this rule does not impact the main field in US like economy, law, finance and management. Meanwhile, some people doubt that this rule will make more US STEM students lose jobs. We found this is not so rational for two reasons. First, the technology and science is developing so fast more than anybody's imagine. There is no computer one century ago, but anyone cannot leave computer today. We could bravely predict that, someday not so far, no one will use computer anymore because each of us could have a robot which could handle any thing for us. So there will be no saturation for STEM market, especially for US. Second, logically, an international student could not compete successfully with an US STEM student with the same qualified degree or experience. In conclusion, OPT extension at no aspect could impact US qualified students and workers. 

G. Safeguarding U.S. Workers through Measures Consistent with Labor Market Protections
This is the most controversy part of this rule. Many people commented that this rule would make companies hire foreign people at a low price, so that it agitates the labor market. This is a rational thinking. So it needs more regulations from government to give a limitation to OPT STEM salary. So that employers would hire foreign people because of their skills, but not because of low payment.
