Dear Sir or Madam,

First off, thank you for being gracious to have this proposal and for the opportunity that we, F-1 students, could have a better chance to fulfill our dreams of life.

I'm one of the million F-1 students who love US and want to contribute our expertise as an employee here, as well as to have a life in this amazing place. I came to the US two years ago for graduate school. Theres a little bit family reason why I chose US as the country that I wanted to study. My dad is a chief engineer in automotive industry, and he has been to US several times before I did. He loves this country, and encouraged me to do my Master here and explore the world a bit more.

Then I when to Michigan State University for Master of Accounting program (Go Green!), and fell in love with the college as well as this amazing country. Fall colors in Michigan, nice people in Midwest, and pursuit of freedom around the country. I loved this country and tried my best among my time there to find a job there.

I was lucky enough to find a job in a local accounting firm and currently am working as a full-time auditor. I am working by OPT right now, and that process didnt go perfectly actually. That long, tedious process made me anxious because I wasnt sure if I could get my OPT and start my job as the date address in the offer letter. I didnt know what to do, and my roommate, a local American girl, told me to try to contact Senator. Wait, Senator? Can we actually talk to them? Arent they busy with billions of problems among the country? Would they love to help me when I wasnt even paying taxes for the state of Michigan? I had to try this eventually out of no way. Then they (probably the staff working for them, but still pretty amazing) replied my email in an hour. Then I got official reply in a day. Then I got my OPT two days after.

Wow. WOW. I just fell in more love with this amazing country. How you care about people, even when they are not YOUR people. I told myself, Shuang, do yo