People should not blame the unemployment on the international STEM students and the OPT STEM extension policy. The data from the Bureau of Labor Statistic showed the peak unemployment rate appeared in October, 2009, 10.0. And now, October 2015, the unemployment rate dropped to 5.0, a half of 2009. The data for 2014 unemployment showed a total unemployment rate of 4.9 for the manufacturing field, which a large amount of international STEM students worked in; and an 8.6 unemployment rate for the Leisure and hospitality, a 6.9 unemployment rate for Professional and business services which included 11.8 unemployment rate for Administrative and support services. The unemployment data expressed that the fields relating to STEM majors didnt make great contribution to the unemployment rate and the international STEM student with OPT and OPT extension was not the major issue when regarding the national unemployment. The competition does exist between the American students majoring STEM and the international STEM students. However, the OPT and its extension policy restrict the international STEM students only could work in the relating fields. There is no limitation for American STEM students, they could choose their jobs and careers much more flexible than the international ones, which means they have the chance to work in other fields and this provides their much more chances to get employed, and also they could be easy to pass some background check to have more jobs than the international STEM students. What's more, this kind of competition benefits themselves. There is possibility that they have international STEM students as their colleagues and they will have the chance to communicate with these international STEM students. Not only the Americans students have the creativity, the international students do have as well. The native students and the international students could still learn from each other in the work due to their different culture and different background.