I strongly support the decision of 24 month OPT extension, which brings merits for science/technology and economic development of United Status.

The 17 month OPT extension is not something we hear for the first day, it has been integrated into students' training program for years. Taking it away suddenly will not only making technology companies suffer from unexpected employee loss, but also dampen the willingness of all International students to study in the states.

1. By offering the 24 months OPT extension opportunity to qualified STEM students, US companies have the chance of hiring the best students in the world, instead of suffering from high tech labor shortage, resorting to foreign CROs or even moving the company to other countries. Apparently, without the contribution of international students, the staff needs won't be fulfilled, given that who bother to hire foreign students who will require H1 sponsorship if there are enough good quality Americans available. Taking the OPT extension opportunity away will make US technology companies suffer, together with US economy!

2. OPT extension is also a way to attract talented students from all around the world to study in the States, with a hope that after sufficient OPT training, they could become more competitive. Although United States has high quality of higher education, STEM students still have other options if other developed countries have better policies, or don't spend the money to come over at all. This will lead to big losses in high technology talents and education revenue in the US, again lead to US technology and economic loss.

3. Furthermore, this policy will NOT jeopardize the American citizen's job security. The requirements of maintaining working status and non working days are very strict for F1 OPT students, only the very best/capable students get selected by this system. If F1 OPT students don't do well in their jobs, there's no way towards H1B visa, let alone green card. Still, many stude