I can't think of any solid reason why some people are against this OPT extension rule. 
If the rule got vacated, it is easily foreseeable that:
1. Many US companies will lose qualified employees. I don't think they are going to lower the bar to achieve some employee number. Instead, they are more likely to outsource the jobs to some foreign companies for lower cost. Worse still, since these companies are not only competing against the American local companies, but also the companies worldwide, losing such employees will weaken competitiveness seriously, causing a shrink in job positions. This is also true when speaking of the whole US economy.
2. It will become less attractive for international students to have education in US. The education here is famous for its high reputation and the practical training. As a whole, the education should be the combination of knowledge teaching and skill training. A lot of international students here value the working experience very much for their future career development when they go back to their own countries. Less students means less education earnings, less related job opportunities, and less people contributing to the researches.

On the contrary, everyone can benefit from the rule:
1. For American citizens. 
Let's see where the competition happens. As this rule is restricted in STEM, most qualified students are in high tech industry, meaning that it will have little impact on the most employees in other areas. The prosperity in high tech will definitely benefit other industries, bringing more job opportunities for Americans. Even in high tech industry, the competition is not decided by the international students, but the worldwide high tech market, let alone the small number of qualified international students compared to the total employee number.
2. For companies.
They have longer time to select the right person to hire. 
3. For qualified international students.
They can have more practical training, and accumulate work