I support this proposed rule. I do understand that this STEM OPT extension program would stir fear of fewer job opportunities and lower salaries for US citizens. By listing my reasons and supporting evidences below, however, I hope this comment can clear two most common misconceptions about STEM OPT and illustrate my standpoint: the benefit of the proposed rule overweighs the cost, and the extension for STEM OPT is indeed necessary.
The first misconception is that STEM OPT would result in fewer job opportunities for US citizens because international students will take those opportunities away. Current unemployment rate is usually listed to strengthen this argument. However, this overall unemployment rate cannot represent every job sector, especially in the STEM field. According to a 2013 report published by the Information Technology Industry Council (http://www.renewoureconomy.org/research/help-wanted-the-role-of-foreign-workers-in-the-innovation-economy/), while the national unemployment rate hovers around 8%, the unemployment rate for US citizens with a master or PHD degree in STEM is well below 4%. Unemployment is even lower in some STEM fields such as petroleum engineers (0.1%), statisticians (1.6%) and computer network architects (0.4%). Given that the US government has defined full-employment to be 4%, the data suggest that unemployment is nearly non-existent in STEM-related fields.
In fact, it is much more difficult for US companies to find qualified candidates for STEM occupations than their non-STEM counterpart. According to a 2014 Brookings report (http://www.brookings.edu/research/interactives/2014/job-vacancies-and-stem-skills#/M10420), health care and computer jobs are advertised 23 and 15 days longer, on average, than openings for non-STEM occupations. This indicates that STEM skills are in short supply in the labor market, relative to demand. 
Since foreign students are not eligible for STEM OPT unless they study STEM majors and applied for STEM-rela