I strongly support the 24 extension of OPT for F1 students that are in STEM program. I am a recently graduated Business Analytics master student from China. Currently I am doing an internship as a Business Analyst Intern at DHL Express. 
I have been in America for three years and I still remember the day I decided to pursue this masters program. I had the chance to choose three masters programs in the US, Canada or England. But I finally made my decision to go to America. Aside from the fact that I admired American culture and education system, the most important reason for my decision would be the Training Opportunities provided during school and post-graduation. The masters major I was interested in requires more than only theoretical knowledge. Business Analytics needs actual practice to master. With many of my close friends who are in other STEM majors, I am confident to say that all STEM majors requires training and working outside of school. I'm sure this is one of the reasons for the original 17-month extension. With this hugely beneficial OPT policy, America has become the most attractive country for foreign students who want to a STEM major and really master their crafts. If the policy were to be canceled (which I sincerely hope not), America lose its charm towards foreign talents. It'll also be a huge loss for many great American companies like Facebook, Apple etc.
I understand that many Americans are afraid of foreign students taking Americans' jobs. I do believe there's nothing to worry about. First of all, the DHS initiated the e-verify program. Only companies that are in the program can take in OPT extension students. The e-verify program states that all job seekers should be treated equally when applying for jobs. The e-verify program insures that international students( who are in many ways the vulnerable group in the job market) should not be discriminated against. But it also insures that Americans should not be discriminated against either. Anothe