I strongly support this new OPT 24 month extension rule. I am an international PhD student in computer science and engineering from China, specializing in machine learning. I am about to graduate in three years. One of the main reasons that I choose the U.S. to pursue my PhD, instead of Canada or Europe is because the industrial research here is making a huge impact to the entire world. I really want to have the opportunity to gain some experience in the top industrial research labs after graduating from my PhD program. Therefore, I think the OPT extension is very important for attracting foreign graduate students who want to make contribution to the advancement of technology to study in the U.S. 

I also think that the 24 month extension is a reasonable length. As many might know, it often requires a long time to complete a research project. For example, the average duration of the NSF grants is 2.9 years. The grant that support my research on recognizing depression from audio right now is three years long. That being said, with only the regular 12 month of OPT, it is hard (or even impossible in some cases) to get a research project done before the visa expires for foreign researchers who work in the industrial labs. I truly believe that will be an obstacle for high-tech companies in the U.S. who are conducting important researches, such as Microsoft research, Google research and Yahoo labs and Amazon research, since they heavily depend on STEM PhD students. 

As a Chinese who spent the first 20+ years in China, its hard to resist homesick. I actually went back to China at every chance that I have and I will definitely go back to my own country eventually. In fact, the main reason for me to work in the U.S. is to get hands-on experience in the top industrial research labs in the world before going back, such that I can be more competitive in the Chinese job market. If the OPT only has the regular 12 month, which is not enough to even finish one project, studying in