Thomas Hayden Hi Harikrishnan,
If you had little bit of common sense you must have understood from my comments that I am not against the OPT rule or against any legitimate students who wish to receive a degree from USA and get a work experience. But I am against someone who wants to stay here permanently after their short term practical experience. If every engineer from India wants to come here and stay here permanently then this room will be full in no time. Besides that this OPT extension rule is created by corporate money sharks who wants to destroy employee benefits and run their business by paying peanuts to technology workers. We will not allow it and we don't want that to happen. This is something we need to fix to protect the US worker's interests. Because United States of America has to give priority to its workers who build this nation. Have to protect the pensioners who contributed a lot to this society. Our government has to make strong laws to protect frauds from countries like India, China, Mexico to claim jobs by faking resumes and creating fake experiences. Current laws formulated by DHS is not even enough to trap such impostors and fraudsters let alone punish them. If DHS is trying to favor Indian students/foreign students this law will be thrown out anytime in the court next year. DHS clearly know about this as well. So my comments are not about all Indian students but about majority of them.You were talking about the TOEFL/IELTS scores and competency in English. Competency in English is not judged by the marks you score in those exams because Indian students are well known to cheat those exams. Especially it is well known to you as well that American consulate stopped accepting student visa applications from candidates in Hyderabad in the state of andhra pradesh due to widespread cheating in TOEFL exams. You guys pay ton loads of money you don't have and appoint proxies to attend these exams and show your great marks to visa officers to impress them and get visa. Shame on you!! And you're blabbering her about your competency and high score in IELTS and TOEFL. Just because you have some Indians working in the silicon valley don't brag that Indians have contributed a lot to silicon valley. I can without any shred of doubt say that you guys are absolutely replaceable. You guys can be replaced with an American guy with less pain in training. I have worked for technological giants and with Indian co workers and Americans I can say that some of the contract workers we have had absolutely horrific communication skills. 

My company later stopped taking contractors from the consultancy due to strong recommendations against the fake resumes and fake profiles fabricated by these money hungry consultancies. I personally caught many candidates lip syncing to Skype Interviews and they have without any shame admitted the crime because they need a "job" to stick back this country. If I were asked to name the consultancies which were rejected and candidates names in a court I would go and expose them proudly. So don't give me a lecture on what would be work culture of Indians who share their work desktop with proxies in India to get the job done. I am sick and tired of hearing Indians pontificating about the great work culture they have. And that's the main reason why they leave India permanently to come here in USA to get Masters for the sake of making money and get OPT training for Green Card and settle down here and a few years later they would be complaining about corrupt system in India and thankless employers you have there. So the decision is for DHS to take and if they don't make strict laws to bring this fraudsters into lime light then this law will be thrown out very soon. 

