To Whom It May Concern,

I am an international student from China and I graduated from college last December. I am currently in my STEM OPT extension period and will be influenced if the rule gets canceled.
As far as I am concerned, the biggest issue for the STEM OPT Extension is that it may take away the job opportunities from American. However, I don't think it is the case. 
Nowadays, if you have any job application experience, you might notice that many companies will ask you if you need any sponsorship at present or in the future, which implies that the company takes your legal status into their consideration. From an employer standing point, the lower the employee turn-over rate is, the more stable and profitable the company is going to be. For sure, employer will give preference to American workers, since they are more stable than international students and the employer doesn't need to go through the messy legal process and handle the uncertainty related to the lottery. From my personal experience, I applied for an internship position with a local company. Luckily, I got a phone interview with the HR, but it is the quickest interview I have ever had. The only question he asked is that whether I am a citizen. After I said no, he hung up the call immediately without any explanation. I didn't make any mistake in the short phone interview, but I got a rejection only because of my legal status. Many of my international friends had the same experiences. Comparing to our American classmates, we have far less opportunities and freedom to find a job or even get an internship experience. Believe or not, if you make two identical job applications which will be equally qualified for a certain position, but one as an American worker and the other as an international worker, the American applicant will have a much higher chance to get an interview and receive the position than the international applicant. As such, it is hard to say that the STEM students take the job opport