The proposal to expand and change the nature of the Optional Practical Training program is an insult to American tech workers and a boon for employers. The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned, but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program.

Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign OPT students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. What employer wouldn't want that deal?!

Mass illegal immigration and legal immigration are already flooding the employment market with workers willing to work for less and expect fewer benefits, making it harder and harder for Americans to work and support their families.

This DHS-proposed OPT rule is yet another way to provide employers with cheap labor and place the societal costs of that cheap labor on the backs of the American taxpayer. America workers pay the taxes that support our government. For that, we have every right to expect to come first in consideration of our interests.

Here are a couple of telling statistics about how the OPT program has affected American workers in the last several years.

OPT enabled OPT program applicants to occupy 430,000 jobs (in place of American workers) during the years 2009-2013.

OPT "removed" $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds that would have been paid in by American workers.

This at a time when our economy was already "labor heavy" and "job light".

This government is supposed to work for the American people; all of the people, not just for industry special interest groups, and certainly not for citizens of other countries.

It has become clear to me that it is past time to put campaign finance reform first on our national political priorities, as 