The extension of OPT is crucial to U.S. because of several facts that I will list below.
First, it will contribute to U.S. economy. As we all know that technologies market is an important part of America's economy. No need to mention companies like Google, Microsoft, Apple and Amazon. These companies play a significant role. Not only do they create job opportunities but also push the evolution of technology.
I understand when talking to job opportunities, some well-concerned citizens will argue about the OPT extension due to reason that they think it will be harmful to Americans who want to pursue a job in the market related to STEM majors. But there is no evidence showing that the extension will hurt Americans.
The technique companies hire people with essential qualities to meet their requirements, not by races, sex, citizens or not. In fact, even now some companies cannot hire foreign students or workers because they cannot offer sponsorship. As a international student, I deeply feel this is very inconvenient sometime when you look at some companies, which are interesting to you but cannot offer you the sponsorship. Therefore, I think everyone are equal and fair due to the skill set they got, whether they are U.S. citizens or foreigns.
Second and finally, the world is a global nowadays. When you look at Apple that the most of us know. The iPhone is not only made by, let's say a single factory in Cupertino. Many contractors are involved in the manufacture of iPhone, including many factories in China. Thus, Apple also need people who can do business with Chinese contractors. When we investigate into history, it is the embracing of immigrators that made America to be America. Look at those famous American scientists that from another counties.
If any of us don't remember much of them, at least we know Einstein. That also confirm my first opinion that it is you deciding what job you can get rather than the citizenship. The opinion that the OPT extension will hurt Amer