The OPT training program is just that, a training program. 
Some Americans are worried about job security, college students placement, and so-called unpaid tax, those are simply not true. Most of the foreign students I personally know elect to go back to their home country after the training program or right after school. Many of them now have decent career thanks to their US education, and are happy to be home to be with their families.

Because a company understands these foreign students are only here temporarily, it is impossible for them to take a full-time permanent position in most companies. American college graduates are in the market for permanent positions, while the foreign students are looking for short stunts and internships. I really don't see how they can become a treat to American's job security. Graduated from a top engineering program, I can tell you that all of my classmates had multiple job offers in our senior year. Nobody was out of a job because foreign students, which we had quite a few in our department.

When they do take an internship position, they were given the same stipend/salary as every other intern. It is pure imagination that they demand less compensation to replace Americans. No reputable company would expose themselves to such liability. They do not pay social security for one reason: they will be out of country and won't be using it anyway! I wouldn't not think it is fair to tax them social security.

Some of them did stay on and eventually become a permanent resident or US citizen, legally. These are the very few brilliant researchers, award winners, published professors and etc. Any country is lucky to have their talent.

I can see there are people who are so worried about foreigners taking their jobs. What they are truly worried about is they are not as competent as their foreigner classmates. To them, I can only say: put some real work towards your degree, this OPT program is the least of your problems. 

I support the OPT 