Imagine that if American government does not welcome the STEM student to have a chance to work here for several years. There are lots of students who are intended to have an education in the US will decide to abandon, which will result for a large salary decrease for the faculty and a lot of unemployment in the university. The loss will definitely do harm to the quality of education and service for student wherever he or she comes from. The situation is that the schools need money and international student need better education and training opportunities. It is, to some extent, a combination. Students from different country studying in the US are really some talented guys, and they study hard to deserve the high tuition. After being well educated in the universities, they are able to work here. 

Besides, although the government pay a lot of money to keep the university running well, there is still another question. You can see how many local students major in STEM these years. The amount is much less than required. Who can be hired if you refuse to hire international students? Please remember the OPT is a temporary permit for international students to work here. The government does NOT plan to increase the number of H1B right??? It will never cause a long-term unemployment in America.

Lastly, I think that only with the talented people from the US and other countries can the States stays ahead in STEM. I believe you will appreciate if some talented guys from other countries who does something incredibly good here and people in the US will be benefited first. See how many papers in STEM are produced by international guys. The most talented STEM students are studying in the US and I believe that they will make a contribution to the US in the long term.

I am an international student and I will be benefited a lot if this proposal approved. I think that the US will be benefited as well. The United States is a country of equality and freedom. That is why we come here. W