I am with this new regulation on OPT extensions for STEM degree for F-1 students. I strongly support this rule since the new rule is trying to protect those intelligent international students from forcing away the country, where they have been spending time and huge amount of money as tuition, to fight for a better academic experience and life for their own sake. The new rule also states that American employers would be better supervised to provide training and equal opportunities for both citizens and non-citizen employees. Notice that OPT is for students to pursue more internships and training in their degree field, which help them to better understand their scope and what they want to do related to their degree they obtained from American universities (which cause a fortune). F-1 students in the STEM field are not stealing jobs from the US job market. First of all, we along with American students go through the same selection process for academia and job hunting. 99% of the time it is already really hard for us to go into the interview room. Students in OPT already survived the fierce competitions and made their way to prove their abilities. I personally take working in the U.S. as an opportunities to apply my knowledge from my degree and to learn more about my job, which my homecountry failed to offer. I value this experience very important, I believe so do other international students who work really hard at school to learn more knowledge and create more opportunities for themselves. While at school, my peer American classmates were doing co-ops and internships for companies, and they tended to understand more about the major and class contents because they already had the experience in industry from their internship. I was jealous of their experience but I had really hard time finding internship opportunities because I would require sponsorship from companies. Once I even got kicked out from an interview room two minutes after I entered. The very first questio