We need jobs for our our USA citizens first for our programs and training, & not foreign countries , don't bring them into our nation were in a depression, with not jobs for our USA citizens futures us these others nations your asking to come int out nation are all non-kosher breaking God dietary law ; Holy bible Leviticus 11 & Deuteronomy 28 & 30 Issiah 66 laws of God they pollute and subvert and defile our nation & our children's children to the 10th generation homeland security and prosperity blessing being their being lead by Satan & his spirits that leads us back into the world, by their abomination against Gods laws! God said don't bring them in except they bring in his Gospel that we have received in Jesus Christ Doctrine The Good new Gods Plan for man to be saved! That when sin abound iniquity did much more abound! Purge out the old leaven that we may be a new lump! Cleave to that which is Good and abhor that which is evil . God will Curse those who curse us and bless those who bless us! the Curse cause more will surely come! here information regarding known working & problem its caused that these fellows have searched out and discovered. The issue is God! A Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for Immigration Studies revealed two shocking takeaways about the OPT program that DHS proposes to expand:

OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.

General Facts About The Optional Practical Training Program (OPT):

The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program.
There are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the U.S. in addition to 98,000 in 1