I totally agree with the idea that the training opportunity for the F-1 Non-immigrant students with STEM Degrees and cap-gap relief for all eligible F-1 students should be improved and expanded.
First of all, the ability of United States to remain as one of the biggest economies largely relies on its thrive in technology industry, which is supported greatly by the talents from all over the world who started as a F-1 non-immigrant students. It is not surprising that 80% of the students in technology-related Grad schools are foreigners. Without the F-1 non-immigrant students,there are barely domestic people who can work for those technology companies to maintain the competitiveness of the United States.
Second of all, the reason why the United States is the most attractive place for foreign students for higher education is that US provides an opportunity for such students to practice their skills in US right after graduation. Being an attractive destination for higher education brings US a lot of benefits. The revenue increases of universities are due to the dramatic increases of the number of students who are willing to come to US to study. The increasing number of students also contribute to the local economy, such as house renting, all sorts of service requirement, travel and cultural exchange benefit. Moreover, the increasing needs for third industry because of the foreign students may also contribute to decreasing the unemployment in the United States. Therefore, remaining attractive with the 24 month extension to F-1 Non-immigrant students are beneficial to US.
Last but not the least, allowing the F-1 non-immigrant students to work for several years in US is a smart way to take advantage of the best years of working from those young people who are ambitious, diligent, and smart. Hiring non-immigrant students will harm the employment rate for local people is not valid at all. For one reason, most of the domestic people who do not study STEM and therefore are not 