I oppose the Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule that would expand the Optional Practical Training program. "By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 yearsthe same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be validthere is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent."

We Need A Requirement to hire American workers first. Too many visas, like the H-1B & the Unethical Optional Practical Training program have no such requirement. In the year 2015, with 92 million Americans outside the workforce and incomes collapsing, we need to require companies to hire from the domestic pool of unemployed. Petitions for workers should be mailed to the unemployment office, not USCIS and certainly not sent abroad. 

Train Americans, Not Foreigners. Put Americans To Work. Practical Training Program(s) should have no options to hire anyone other than an American. Any Training paid for by Americans should be for Americans.

Before any new green cards are issued to foreign workers abroad, employers should be required to hire from the domestic pool of unemployed American workers.

The influx of foreign workers holds down salaries, keeps unemployment high, and makes it difficult for poor and working class Americans - including immigrants themselves and their children - to earn a middle class wage. The unethical Optional Practical Training program will only worsen the amount of poverty in America. Nearly half of all immigrants and their US-born children currently live in or near poverty, including more than 60 percent of Hispanic immigrants. Every year, we voluntarily admit another 2 million new immigrants, guest workers, refugees, and dependents, growing our existing all-time historic record population of 42 million immigrants. We need to control the admission of new low-earning workers in order to: help wages grow, get teenagers back