I am writing to discuss the relationship between industrial and organizational psychology program and STEM majors. TO attract more international students and enable them to contribute to the society, the department of Homeland Security(DHS) announced an expanded list of science, technology, engineering, and math(STEM) designated- degree programs in 2012. There are several psychology programs that are eligible for the OPT extension. Currently industrial and organizational psychology is not officially on the list; however,as far as I know, all around America, this major is very research focused. It will be a big loss for both international students who majored in I/O psychology and the society if our international graduates lose the opportunity to contribute to the American scientific and social development with what we learned just because of the difference of several figures. There are much less international students majored in psychology compared to many other majors. Definitely, international students could bring in psychology multi-cultural insights and more education investment. There are 4 I//O program in Great New York Area now, which is I/O Psychology Program in NYU; Social/ Organizational Psychology program in Teachers' College, Columbia University; I/O Psychology Program in Baruch College, CUNY; I/O Psychology Program in Hofstra University. NYU has taken an initiative in changing the code of their M.A. in I/O psych from 42.2804 to 42.2799. and made it eligible for STEM OPT extension. With more and more international students studying in psychology, especially interested in I/O psychology, I think it's time to bring this problem to public's attention. 

I'd like reiterate the necessity of changing I/O psychology major code and make it eligible for OPT extension. 
First, it's unfair to claim supporting for research projects for OPT extension on one side, but on the other side exclude our major in list, which is a very research oriented subject. Attached plea