Dear Department of Homeland Security officers: 

As an international student in STEM major, I am so glad to see this change, and I wish this policy will get approved. 
The goal of OPT is to reinstitute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. In my university, the only change I apply most of my knowledge was in some small class projects, and graduation design project. Then I got a offer from local company, the manager was interested in my industry and system engineering background. He assigns me to the most advanced facility. However, he also knows I would not be able to stay long enough to complete projects, so only a few small projects were assigned to me. I think if I can have longer OPT period, or have higher chance to get H1B, then the manager will be willing to assign large project to me.
The HR department also think it is too hard to keep students with F-1 VISA nowadays, so they are considering reduce providing training in the future. I am so sad that American companies will reduce hiring excellent international students due to short OPT. I really think STEM graduates like me should be given more chance, longer period to gain valuable applied experience and make connections in professional fields they are considering for career paths. Experience in these huge American companies will be great help for me to hunt a job in my own country. 
In addition, I also think this 24 month extension should include those students already get approved 17 month extension OPT, so that we can obtain an extra 7 months, equal to all other F-1 STEM students. Students should be able to get new I-20 from university and obtain a new I-20, and apply for new EAD card with 7 more months with a reasonable application fee.
Thank you for your consideration, time, and support in this matter. I could heartily wish this policy get approve, for all future STEM F-1 students, for all my fri