My name is Edward, and I work for the technology department at a top-notch investment bank in New York under 17-month OPT STEM Extension. I am writing to support the proposed rule of expanding Optional Practice Training for STEM F1 students who are already working for a U.S. firm, located in the U.S..

There is no secret that more than 90% of the U.S. H1B visa holders are in the technology industry. This statistic implies an ongoing phenomenon happening in the U.S. labor market: in the technology sector, domestic labor supply is not meeting the demand thus many technology companies have to burden the legal process of OPT/H1B to acquit enough talents in order to support business growth. 

From the company's prospective, the only route to bridge its foreign employees from F-1 to a H-1B immigration status, is through the 12-month Optional Practice Training, 29 months, for the STEM graduates. Company wants everyone of the new hired to eventually obtain the H-1B visa - and further down the path, even a green card - because the management does not want to see well-educated, well-trained talents walking out of the door, especially when in their prime ages. In favor of the U.S. economy, I think that it is vital to expand the OPT Program so that U.S. companies could retain as many needed talents in the U.S. as possible. 

In comparison to the current U.S. immigration scheme for high-skilled professionals, which constituting the steps of F1, OPT, H1B, Green Card, I am bringing your attention to the Australian Skilled Independent 189 Visa, the equivalent of U.S. H1B visa. A foreign candidate proven language proficiency, education, and professional experience, can stay in Australia for 5 years without firm sponsorship, during which she or he could apply for Australian Citizenship after the 4th year - which comes with enormous social benefits.

I hope U.S. will do well in economy, and make the decision to retain foreign talents using its best efforts. Especially, many of these s