International students earn more than half of advanced STEM degrees in the US. Many of them are not planning to stay in the US, leaving an even smaller number of potential hires for research institutions and businesses. The STEM program was created so that the US could maintain its global leadership of technical advances. In an extended period of time, the program allows us to utilize the high-skilled workers in whom we have invested many educational resources. At the end of the program, the workers will leave the country unless they successfully win the lottery to an H1B work visa.

The STEM extension program benefits the US economy in many ways. There is an extremely high demand for STEM workers right now in the US. Companies are finding it so difficult to recruit researchers and engineers that it does not make sense to cut them off of a group of their employees after 12 months. Hiring international students is not cost effective - the companies will still lose most of these people at some point due to visa issues. If they want to keep the workers by submitting an H1B work visa application, they will have to pay high fees and lawyers and still face a low success rate of less than 30 percent. Nonetheless, companies are still recruiting international students because they really need high-skilled STEM workers.

Stopping the STEM extension program hurts businesses, especially small businesses in fast-growing technical fields, such as medicine, engineering, and software development. First of all, it will cost a lot of time and money for small businesses to search for new workers to replace existing workers on OPT work permissions, especially if they have originally planned for their workers to apply for STEM extensions. It would be even harder than it is now for small companies to compete with large corporations to hire competent workers if the pool of potential hires shrinks, as more than 50,000 STEM students near the end of their OPT work permission leave the countr