I strongly support this proposed rule since this is a win-win strategy for both US and international students who attained or is going to attain STEM degree in US. On one side, US tech companies rely on international students to create values for their companies, which bring more revenue and then be converted to tax for IRS. And this tax would benefit all US Citizens here.

I doubt that US citizens will lose their jobs in all the industries. First of all, the proposed rule only benefits international employees who attained their STEM degree in US. OPT extension only allows them to work in tech industry. Working in any other industry will be illegal and they will get deported if they got caught. Second, US tech companies definitely prefer US citizens over international students if they have the same skill set and capability because they can work here without any restrictions whereas international students need sponsorship - which is $5000 - from those tech companies. Most of the STEM jobs/ highly-paid jobs want US. Citizen only. Tons of company won't even be willing to give foreign students interview opportunities. I've heard enough from my friends, that those interviewers kept saying "you are great/you are perfect, but we only hire US. Citizen." So, why would they choose international employees if they have to face those troubles? If a US STEM worker cannot find a job, think about himself, maybe merely, he is not qualified, either he doesn't have required experience, or he is not a good team player. From my experience, if you are a U.S Citizen, you don't have to have any experience, the company will train you, the starting salary is around $60K. - this is real, I saw this from a really big company's website.

So, if those people really need something to worry about, this is what they are supposed to worry about: why not spending more time improving their own skills set those companies are looking for instead of wasting time leaving negative comments here? Competitio