Let me share an article first, 

[In 1970, a Zambia-based nun named Sister Mary Jucunda wrote to Dr. Ernst Stuhlinger, then-associate director of science at NASA's Marshall Space Flight Center, in response to his ongoing research into a piloted mission to Mars. Specifically, she asked how he could suggest spending billions of dollars on such a project at a time when so many children were starving on Earth.

Stuhlinger soon sent the following letter of explanation to Sister Jucunda, along with a copy of "Earthrise," the iconic photograph of Earth taken in 1968 by astronaut William Anders, from the Moon (also embedded in the transcript). His thoughtful reply was later published by NASA, and titled, "Why Explore Space?".......]
the link to his reply is here: http://www.lettersofnote.com/2012/08/why-explore-space.html?m=1

I strongly encourage the extension. As a foreign STEM student, I came here because I want to learn and build something that can benefit other people around the world, and this is not possible if I stayed in my country. (I hope I won't get caught for writing this when I go back home during summer) It's not about finding a job and survive. It's about chasing my dream and help others. 

Some of you are talking about STEM immigrants taking jobs of Americans. I understand that because education in places like Korea, India, and China focus more on math and science and competitions among classmates. I have seen some native students who really enjoy math and science, but I have also seen those who are struggling with Calculus I and many of my American friends really don't enjoy math and science. 

We have to admit that there's not enough qualified Ameicans in the STEM related fields. We have to admit that unemployment is caused by many factors not just foreign students. We have to admit that if the immigration policy is getting worse, less foreign students will come to the US and tuitions of Americans will rise to maintain education quality. (And people will 