The new proposed extension does not affect me personally, because I do not have a STEM degree. However, as the anti-immigration voice from some domestic community is mounting, I think it is a good time to review, rationally, the benefits F-1 students have contributed to the U.S. in the aggregate, compared to how little the U.S. has done for them in the past decades. 

First, F-1 students have made great investments for their education in the U.S. These investments not only include the money paid for the education, but also the time, efforts and social resources they expended on establishing their reputation as young scholars and professionals. Such investments make U.S. universities more diversified and accordingly, more competitive and attractive to those most talented in the world. The United Kingdom (UK) was a predecessor in terms of benefiting from foreign students' investments, and for those countries that followed UK's model, it is difficult to argue that the actual benefits they have received is anything less than what was expected from foreign students. 

Second, the argument that the extension of OPT period for STEM students will negatively impact the domestic working class is ill-grounded, because most of the jobs currently available in the labor market do not require a STEM degree and students with STEM degrees are not allowed to work in positions unrelated to their degrees. 
Perhaps one may argue that the penetration of well-educated foreigners have raised the threshold of entry-level labor market. But this is irrelevant to the issue of whether STEM students have formed a substantial threat to those people without such a degree. Furthermore, the U.S. has long cherished fair competition and has, based on history, grown strong as a nation by encouraging competitions in various aspects of society. Therefore, it is not justified to assume that the increasing numbers of competent STEM students will do any harm to the U.S. labor market. Quite to the contrary, 