I strongly support theproposal for the following reasons:

1. Keepingimmigrants with STEM degrees in the United States will allow them to continueto contribute to the highly profitable leading tech industrywithin the United States. We all know that every country has a very limitednumber of highly talented people. Deporting a huge number of highly talented people from the United Statesafter their OPTs expire will definitely harm various American STEM industries,for reasons that:

a. Employerswill lose very talented STEM employees previously in OPT status that employers haveinvested a substantial amount of money and labor to hire.
b. Employerswill need to invest another substantial amount of money and labor to hirepeople to fill vacancies created by departing OPT employees. This will havedirect negative impact to both the employers budget and project/producttimelines since the employers will need to spend time and money on the newemployees training/onboarding process.
c. Wecan NOT assume that there are enough qualified American employees to fill thevacancies created by departing OPT employees. As a result, we can NOT assumethere are enough qualified American STEM workers to supply the huge demand of STEM hiring market.

2. STEM immigrants have to rent a home and purchase goods. For example, mylandlord is an American and I pay over one thousand dollars to him each monthfor the rent. I also spend thousands of dollars on food, travelling, gasolineand insurances each month. All those moneys are paid directly to American industries,American businesses, or American individuals, which will have a direct positiveimpact to the American people and economy.
. visit 1point3acres.com for more.
3. For those who are not supporting this proposal, they are myopic, thatis, they do not see the profits that STEM immigrants brought to the American STEMindustries in the past years.

4. Not having an OPT extension will give STEM immigrants much feweropportunities to obtain a work visa or ev