I strongly support the new regulation based on the following reasons.

Firstly, non-us citizens like me paid the same amount of tuition fees (or even more ) than the U.S citizens to go to US colleges. However, lots of us didn't get the equivalent opportunities (or even a opportunity ) as U.S graduates to get a job and work in USA because of OPT expiration. This is unfair to international students. 

Secondly, from my perspective, providing international STEM students more time to work in US would only help US job marketing rather than making US citizens become unemployed. According to US Bureau of Labor Statistics(http://www.bls.gov/ooh/computer-and-information-technology/software-developers.htm), for software industry(where I am studying now), the job openings are increasing dramatically. It states the increasing trend would stay about 22% each year to 2020, which means by that time, there will be 3 million more jobs than number of jobs in 2012. I strongly believe that by increasing the STEM OPT period would allow more qualified international students to fill the gap, and improve the industry. 

Thirdly, from my personal opinion, the most important reason that makes USA stay as the world top class country is because of its culture diversity. It respects and encourages excellent people from all over the world to come to USA to pursue their goals and careers in all kinds of fields. This is the reason why USA can develop so many creative products, or establish so many leading companies to improve people's lives. Both Youtube and Yahoo's founders (Jerry Yang and Steve Chen) are Taiwanese, and I can count all nights for excellent foreigners who achieved amazing success in US and provided tons of job openings for US citizens. I could not image what people like Jerry Yang and Steve Chen would do if they had to struggle for an OPT extension when they just graduated from school.

Therefore, based on the above reasons, I strongly support this new regulation. 

To be honest, 