1. OPT extension is good for US:The H1-B work visa cap is not going to be changed by this extension proposal. Hence the number of new immigrants is not going to be affected by this OPT extension. The chance for each international student eventually getting a H1-B work visa is the same. However, US has higher chance of holding the type of talents US needed. For example, currently the 29 month of STEM OPT only allows one international student to get into the H1B draw twice.Let us say there are two international students A and B. A is very talented and has the skills that US needs. B is not so much talented and has a skill set that US needs only in times of blooming economy. A and B both get jobs during good economy as all the companies are recruiting more people. Then after two or three years, during economic downturn, A still keeps the job but B lost his job. With this new OPT extension proposal, A will have a higher chance of getting H1-B than B. In this way, US gets to keep the talents US really needs instead of just getting those lucky international students.

2. For STEM fields, the new graduates are the main workforce and engine for innovation. 3 years (the more would be better) would actually enable a talented international student to actually make something great happen with the knowledge they learned at school. (For example, some research projects in Tech companies or have a start-up)That is good for international students themselves as they realize their values in US as they might not have those resources back to their home country. It is also good for US'name of attracting talents. Tesla's CEO is also originally from a foreign country. 

3. Why OPT extension is good for US citizens: I think it is true that with this influx of newly graduated international students, new graduates of US citizens would have a hard time to find jobs. However, at the same time, it means less competition in managerial roles as large amount of international students are leaving af