In my point of view, the OPT extension policy is quite important to US companies, society as well as universities. By writing this comment, I have several reasons that I would like to share with you.

First, the OPT extension policy works for the students in STEM majors. What is STEM? As we all know, it represents Science, Technology, Engineering and Math education, which is a crucial part in all education area. The students that spend several years and pay a lot of efforts on these majors all have the same objective, to make contribution to the society and the research area. Taking away their opportunities for using OPT extension means that taking away their chance of fulling themselves by working as part of American society.

Secondly, one fact that no one can questioning is that employees with OPT extension is very important to various American companies. What kind of services are you using every single day? Using Google to search for information, driving Tesla to go to work, visiting Amazon to shop for products, browsing Netflix to watch movies, playing Xbox for Minecraft. There are uncountable instances of services you can think as part of your life, and the reason that these companies could have done their job so well is partially because of their employees with OPT extension. Taking away their opportunities for using OPT extension means that those companies will not be as good as they are for today.

Thirdly, American universities have been the students' top choice in a lot of countries because of the advanced courses and research opportunities provided by the universities, the work opportunities provided by the top notch companies and the unique culture atmosphere provided by the society. Could you imagine what will happen if the OPT extension policy is not available to those students in the future?

Please, consider these points and I sincerely hope that the OPT extension will continuously be provided to the STEM major students, not just for them, but for y