First of all, if the proposal be voted down finally, I think it could be an unjust, unwise and lack long-term consideration decision. The result cost by this decision might be irretrievable and against our expected. As an undergraduate student now studying in the Purdue University Calumet in Indiana, I would like to have some explanation toward this proposal based on my own experience.
Why I think the denying of the proposal would cost unjust, the first conflict point might be the salary. As we all know, international students or international workers have already make a huge contribute to our country now, especially in the mainstream high-tech companies, such as computer and telecom companies. In these companies, it's hard to obliterate the international citizens' contributions. Just for my personal experience, I heard the h1b holders pay more than 27%, and mostly more than 30% or higher of their salary to the federal and the state. Furthermore, the OPT student are paid as half of the regular employees, personal I think it's inappropriate and unjust for the ones who works in the company as an OPT identity. What's more unreasonable is we pay all the required tax and finish our duties given by the federal or state, we even don't get the medical or other welfare as other U.S. citizens who pay the same tax as us. Another reason I want to introduce an example, which is about 70% of foreign workers Microsoft intends to hire are currently finishing studies at U.S. universities, said by Smith at a recent interview in Washington, D.C. All the foreign OPT students get the certificate for their abilities from the U.S education system, they deserve an opportunity to implement and use their abilities to society. If won't, it's a huge waste of education funds and resources in high-level education systems. Sum them up, the payback for the OPT or h1b holders is less than the values the made to our country. It's unjust to us.
As for the reason of unwise, I have to explain this poin