If Americans just want to stay in their comfortable zone and keep all their jobs without competing with other talent people from other countries, they will become lazier and lazier, and the United States will become the next Greece. Because if you don't fight for your job, if you don't have to compete with other talent people and still can get the job easily, how can you improve? If there is no competition, there will be no improvement. From the history, every single improvement we made as a human being, was based on the competition between each of us. Because countries compete, so countries develop education, technology, economy, welfare, etc. Because people compete, so we read more, we learn more, we work harder. And all this compete will push the improvement of the whole society, the whole country, the whole human being. Completely free market which there is a lot different suppliers competing against each other bring us freedom, justice, and cheaper merchandises. Work force is just another merchandises which in the case the customers are those companies who hire people, so it needs a completely or somewhat completely free competition environment. Nobody like monopoly supplier, because in that case you don't have choice and you will have to pay a very high price for every singe stuff you buy from them. 
You all complain that China or india or Vietnam took so many of your jobs away, but how many of you even think about this, if you don't outsourcing those jobs to those cheap work force countries, can you still afford those clothes or any other stuff that was made in those countries. People in those countries got paid lower than $1/hr, so the cost of the goods is much lower compare to if we make them here. If we move all the job back to here, a t-shirt that used to be $20 will now cost you more than $100. And because the cost is higher, those manufactories will have to hire less people, so people who can't get job still can't get job, and people who are good enough