Expanding training opportunities for F-1 nonimmigrant students would definitely something good for the both United States and the people there. 

Firstly, most of the students just working for the positions that the citizens could not do. Because of the international trade, the companies in U.S. needs some staffs that more familiar with the culture and situation in a foreign country. For example, if you want to find out some infringing movie in the website of a foreign country, what could the natives do with it? He or she would totally have no idea about where they should check, or how to check it. Even if they could, they would have to use the google translate which is not so accurate, or the company has to hire someone who is bilingual and born in america, and it would have a relatively much more higher cost than they pay for the F-1 students. And if these staffs could find the pirate sites and ask them to pay for the content, the company would earn more than the cost of just a small amount of payroll.

Secondly, the students have been censored by U.S. government several times before they came to their university. They are relatively richer, better educated, and really kind to people. Most of them would just try to get some experience and then go back to their hometown to get together with their family. They are trying to chase their dream, and their parents, would also think about investing in america to give their child a better life. One of my friend is exactly that kind of example. Her father gave her 200, 000 dollars and just asked her to do whatever she wants. Then she tries to invest in a start-up company, and addicts to the stock market. There would be thousands students like her, and it would definitely helpful both for themselves and the financial market of U.S.

Expanding the training opportunities would not just like a gift for the F-1 students. It is also a gift for the whole U.S. society. I SUPPORT TO EXTEND THE OPT OF F-1 STUDENT. And hope one day i