Date: 10/08/2015
Student and Exchange Visitor Program
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement
500 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20536
Re: Comments on Proposed Rule: Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students
Dear Chief Westerlund:
I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.
As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in 2014 with a PhD degree in Physics. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. I am currently in 17 months OPT-extension and without the availability of a STEM extension, I will need to leave the United States which wont be in favor of US economy because of the kind of projects and research I am currently doing. Currently, I am working on fabrication of Antireflecting Random Structure (ARSS) on different substrates such as Fused Silica, Silicon to reduce the Fresnel reflection. The current technology in the market which is based on multi-layer thin-film coatings technology for antireflection has many drawbacks such as limited bandwidths, narrow acceptance angles, polarization effects, high costs, and short lifetimes in harsh environments. Therefore thin-film coating technology could not address many requirements that aerospace and military applications require: for example high optical transmission, durability, survivability, and radiation resistance. Thus, ARSS could be an effective alternative to thin-film AR coatings in many infrared and visible-band applications. Such projects in technology allow U.S. companies to remain competitive globally.
I was glad to see the pro