I support this new OPT extension policy.

Most of the negative comments emphasize that foreigners took their job opportunities, which from some point of view, is kinda discrimination to foreign students. Actually, for a long time, OPT program is one of the most attractive factor for international students to choose to study in America. They would get the leading education in school and more importantly, better training after graduate. International students who would benefits from OPT are those with high level of degrees and would promote the economic and competitive power of United States. And it is not deniable that some of the foreigners create the job opportunities for Americans. 

DHS continues to believe that the E-Verify program is an important measure to ensure the integrity of the STEM OPT extension. The E-Verify program is an Internet-based service operated by USCIS, in partnership with the Social Security Administration (SSA). E-Verify is currently free to employers and is available in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, Guam, and the U.S. Virgin Islands. E-Verify electronically compares information contained on the Employment Eligibility Verification Form I-9 (herein Form I-9) with records contained in government databases to help employers verify the identity and employment eligibility of newly-hired employees. This program currently is the best means available for employers to determine employment eligibility of new hires and, in some cases, existing employees.

Before an employer can participate in the E-Verify program, the employer must enter into a Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with DHS and SSA. This memorandum requires employers to agree to abide by current legal hiring procedures and to follow required procedures in the E-Verify process to ensure that E-Verify maximizes the reliability and ease of use of the system, while preventing unauthorized disclosure of personal information and unlawful discriminatory practices based on