I strongly support the proposal for the following reasons:

1. Some people think OPT STEM international student get the opportunity, which is initially for domestics employee. This argument is irrational. The STEM positions are open for everyone. However, only international students are applying for those STEM positions and try to work on that. At the same time, these jobs are more and more important now. With more analysis support from engineering, technology, engineering and math, the decision will more rational and create more value to society. With progress from the company, more and more job will be created. That is two win stage. 

2. Some people argue the OPT STEM students will lead the common wage pay down and increase the malicious competition. However, that is also not true. OPT stands for optional practical training, aiming for students who just graduate from school with limited working experience in the relevant field. The position for that is usually entry level or internship position. It is normal for those positions to pay lower because the employee for those positions need time to develop their skill. So, OPT STEM students are only part employees of the internship or entry-level position. STEM itself does not incur unfair competition, however, it reveals the principle of market: the more you can contribution, the more you can ear. 

3. Some people the companies do not pay tax for OPT STEM student and that will decrease the revenue for local government. First, it is not true. I am working for logistics companies in USA. The company gathers the same tax as the citizens. We do not pay any few than the citizen. In contrast, I know a lot of the international students are not familiar with tax return and give up the right. In this way, the government actually have more tax revenue from OPT students. Second, the international can contribute a lot to the local economy. I graduate from Ohio state university, one of the universities which have lots of the inte