I an currently working for a construction company as a project engineer in Austin, Texas. I got my undergraduate degree in Civil Engineering in China and I worked for Australian Transportation Department for almost one year. Then I went to Duke for a master degree in Engineering Management with a focus on Construction Management. After I came to the United States, I realize the whole construction industry in the United States is not as "Energetic" as I thought. At lease nothing like IT companies. Construction companies always hire people with more than 10 years experience because more and more young grads prefer to work in the office instead of going to a field. They got their degree in Civil Engineering but became a hedge fund analyst after graduation.That's why most of the construction companies in the United States are still using some old construction management system and software. Every year, many Chinese students with a degree in Civil Engineering come to the U.S for further study.We went to Duke, Columbia University, MIT and Berkeley. We get high education and far more advanced skills in technology. And the most important thing is that we really love civil and construction industry and we would love to make a difference in this field. After I graduated from Duke, I know I need to bring new technology into Construction Industry. I learnt new construction software(Oracle P6), BIM software and Blue Beam estimating software when I was at college. I really believe that I can help my current company shape the future by practicing my knowledge. And the 24-month Stem Extension will give me enough time to fulfill my expectation and it can definitely encourage more civil engineers working in their field and remodel the old construction pattern and introduce more advanced Technology to this industry.
Obviously, without the new OPT Extension , less students will choose Civil/Construction Engineering as their major or work in a construction company. It is definitely not 