I strongly support the Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule that would expand the Optional Practical Training programme. Since a long time, United States has been the benchmark for countries around the world in terms of research and quality education. This is the reason why the brightest of minds from all over the world come to the USA. Sure, there has been some criticism from few sections of local workers regarding extending the OPT to 36 months. But, in terms of rule making, I believe DHS made this proposal after carefully looking at the bigger picture. I do not intend to draw politics into this. But, there is some thick criticism coming from my Republican friends over this issue. And, they all support Donald Trump for the president. However, the funny thing here is Mr.Trump's tagline is "Making America Great Again!". First, America is already great. Second, how can a country become great by closing doors on the sharpest of engineers, doctors and entrepreneurs? Their policy towards OPT extension contradicts their primary motto itself. And, other argument is that corporate companies are hiring international students for their economic benefit. Tell me, who would like to hire a person with less talent just because they pay them some what lesser amount? And, finding jobs in the USA as an international students is no easy either. Employers look for proven skill sets and capabilities. This point clearly refutes the argument that employers are likely to hire foreigners. Also,in STEM fields, the percentage of local US students who are unemployed is very less. The United States is a land of equality. It is extremely important for foreign students to get valuable work experience and this rule allows it. And, look at the amount of revenue that international students bring to the US economy, the taxes they pay and in overall the boost they give to the US economy. To conclude, I am confident this proposal gets approved and DHS deserves complete credit for making th