I SUPPORT OPT extension given that this proposed rule is definitely a win-win strategy for both US and international STEM students. 

Universities/schools are making lots of money from international students because most of international students are not eligible for tuition loan/scholarships and they are paying full tuition/living expenses out of their pockets. Also, international students bring in great purchasing power. They and their family boost the economic growth by purchasing cars/goods, promoting the development of tourism, etc.

International students are willing to pay such high tuition and living expenses because they want high-quality education and they want to be more competitive when they go back to their country. Besides diplomas, working experience is an important concern to illustrate how well they have been educated in a certain field. And majors like STEM need practice, just a single diploma cannot buy them much competitiveness.

Currently, employers prefer to hire citizens or people with green cards. If STEM students are going to lose OPT extension, employers are less willing to hire them because nobody wants to train someone who is going to leave soon. If international students cannot gain the experience they expect to have, there will be fewer and fewer international students coming to US. For some of Americans, this might be a good thing. But if you consider this in a long term, this will absolutely be harmful to American economy. 

It looks like many people are claiming that OPT makes lots of citizens lose their work opportunities. STEM students have to work in major related field while they create much more working chance in some other fields. And under the circumstance that employers are more willing to hire citizens, if they choose a F1 student over others, it definitely shows that this student is much more suitable for the position and much more competitive than other interviewers. 

Only if tech companies go well and make money because 