I am writing in support of the new OPT extension policy for F-1 students with STEM degrees. In my point of view, 

1). One of the directest results is that more students abroad will be attracted to further their study in the U.S.. as the new OPT extension policy makes international students see more employment opportunities after their graduation, which is considered as one of the most important factors affecting students choice for schools
2). The economy will be improved as a result of the trend of studying in the U.S.. More international students or more foreign workers will thus create more business in eduction, housing, transportation, and etc. They will also bring their families to the U.S for visiting or traveling.
3). Tech industry will for sure be greatly improved as well because of the policy. For employees, OPT extension creates equal career market and they have more opportunities to make best of their talents and skills; For employers, they have more options and power to select the best from the best, which will directly result in industry growth and economy development. 
4). The new extension policy helps to relive the tension caused by limited H1B quota. For many foreign students, they may just want to stay and work for two to three years and go back to their home countries. This is especially true for many Chinese students born in 1990s, as most of them are the "only child in their families. They are working towards the balance between pursuing their careers and taking care of their parents. 
5). Opposition will arise constantly if this extension policy wouldn't pass, since not only do international students benefit from the new policy, but also companies and governments do and even the ordinary citizens and residents do. More high tech talents will contribute to strong social security. One of the examples will be the University of Southern California (USC) in Los Angeles. Though the neighborhood around is still not safe enough, compared to years ago,