Many STEM graduates, especially Masters and PhDs, actually create jobs in long run. Many of these people are or potential innovators, great researchers, or have knowledge and skills that will contribute to our economy in a long run. Due to H1B shortage, many of these people have to go. They take the skills and knowledge to other countries and develop great things there. Think about how many scholars are there in the US who got paid by their governments to go to study here with promise to return to their own countries. Now, we raised these talented people (many paid tenths of thousands of tuition fees out of their own pockets) only to let them go. 

American workers who truly possess such skills never have problem looking for jobs. There are always unemployment everywhere. Manufacturers with great technology and strict regulations will end up a certain percentage of failure products too.

We have to look at the bigger picture and not to be selfish. How does that benefit our economy? Many industries do not hire foreign workers and have job vacancies that take a long time to fill in many cases. If you've worked as a recruiter, you'll understand how hard it is to find a good candidate that can perform the job that your clients want in many cases. You might find a perfect candidate, only to find out that the person is an F1 student and your client doesn't hire F1. If there are US workers, they will surely jump on it. What if not? So, should they hire a plumber/unexperienced engineer and train the person for years to design and develop an improved MRI machine or a new drug that has potential to save lives? or hiring a foreign PhD who has tremendous experience on it who can complete the job better, resulting in sales and job creation. The problem is that PhD graduate might not get H1B due to the lottery system and has to go. Now, the company lost the talent, the big money it has invested, and potential earnings. 

OPT extension gives the company and talented workers the ne