I strongly support the proposal for the following reasons:

1. The extension of OPT will be attractive to foreign student to come to study in America.Students of STEM program all over the world want to pursue a degree in America because the advanced technology as well as the opportunity to apply what they learned from school. However, if the OPT is not long enough, some of the student may reconsider where to get better education. What's more, even a few of the students think one year is enough to get some practice, company will hardly consider to take a employee who can work for only a year. If the possibility for a student to have a job or an internship opportunity after graduation is so small, there will be much less student come to study in America.

2. Company will lose a lot of talent employee and the development of STEM technology will be postponed.If the OPT will not be extended,a lot of students who are working at a company but haven't get H1B or other type of vise have to go back to their country immediately.And those employee are thought can work longer than that.Company will have to make more effort to hire other people. However, since company hire these people mostly because they can't find an American who is suitable for this kind of job and international student won't get enough time to do this job, it will be harder for company to find a suitable candidacy. In the long run, since we get from point 1, there will be less international student who want to come to study in American, there will be even harder for company to find a right person. Thus, a lot of project will be forced to go a different way which will develop slower than the original plan with the right person.

3. There will be a great economy lose. The international student not only contribute tuition but also other consumption like travel, rent, everyday supplies which not only boosted the GDP, but also created more job position for Americans. However, since there will be less international