Dear USICS/DHS, 

I am writing to express my vehement support for the proposed OPT STEM Extension rule. I will outline the benefits of this program to US employers, US economy, US universities, and the international students which are the crme de la crme in their respective fields.

Why we need OPT Extension?

1) Allows students to obtain work visa
OPT extension covers a gap in US visa laws. Unlike other countries such as Canada, Australia etc, in US having a job does not equate to being eligible to apply for a work visa. For example in Canada, students after graduation find a job and if they get one are automatically given a work permit. The same holds true for many other counties in the world. 

2) Importance to US Universities
Without OPT extension, US would see a sharp decline in international students coming to the US. With no clear path to stay in the US students would seek opportunities in other countries which are open about work-visa. International students currently make up 50 to 70% of enrollment in graduate programs alone according to National Foundation for American Policy (NFAP), international students play a critical role in sustaining quality science, technology, and engineering and mathematics (STEM) graduate programs at U.S. universities [1].

It is therefore in the best interest of the US Economy to retain these students as many of the US universities are partly funded by the tuition fees these international students bring. If immigration were a deterrent several programs would collapse.

I further quote Stuart Anderson, NFAPs executive director International students help many universities have enough graduate students to support research programs that help attract top faculty and that also thereby help U.S. students by having a higher-quality program than they otherwise would have, youd see a shrinking across the board where youd have just certain schools that are able to support good programs. That would lead to a shrinking of U.S. leadership i