I really appreciate the quick action and response from DHS after the old rule be vacated! This is definitely a great rule and will benefit a lot!

First, it is good for students, as they can apply what they learned to make contribution and convert knowledge into real value or economy for a longer time. What can you do in 12 months? Well you need to get familiar with the company, with your team, with the job, with tools they use, etc. You don't learn much and know much within this time and have to go back after. How will that be in an additional 24 months? You already know your stuff and is making contributions and gaining experience every day in this extension time! Also they will get deeper understanding on how Americans run their companies, create their new startups, and make great international businesses. These are potentially different ideas from what they know in their own country, and will help them manage their work life better in the future.

Second, it is good for the society and the nation. Current OPT rule only allows foreign students to work for 12 months. What does US benefit from this? Companies have to recruit every year for new students and bring them on board, then send them away? But working for additional 24 months, on the other hand, create much value to the society and the nation. Think about how many foreign students are eager to learn latest technology from this country and how these elites can make a huge difference when they are working here for 3 years! They will help a lot for developing new technology, creating new innovative products, and bring new stuff to the whole society. How many foreign students does Google, Facebook and Apple have? And how are they rocking people's life every year?

Last but not least, it is good for the business relationship between US and other countries. When these students go back to their country after OPT and extension, they will take all things they know about American business back. They will then become 