Some US citizens pointed out that Americans should be hired ahead of foreign students. That's true, I personally agree with that U.S. should consider its citizens more. 

They should also be aware of the fact is not that U.S. companies are not willing to employ more American engineers/scientist, but there are not so many eligible engineers/scientists in the United State. Let's take a look of the CS and ECE departments of the top 20 universities. The majority of the students and most of the top students comes from the under developed countries like China and India. So is the math/physics department. We can see many Russian talents pursuing their tenure tracks in U.S. universities. 

The problem is that american youths prefer to keep their hands clean, enjoy the liberal arts education, and leave the hardcore stuffs to their foreign competitors. If we deprive these foreign STEM students of the opportunity to stay in US for 3 years, then most high-tech companies could not thrive in lack of competent talents. Furthermore, the tax paid by these companies could have contributed to educating more American engineers, but now they go out of business, leaving no tax, no job, no talents to the United States.

Assume that some companies prosper without hiring more foreign students. Then they are gonna face another challenge in the trend of globalization :international competitions. High-tech companies like Xiaomi, Meditek and Flipkart are eager to absorb talents graduated in US universities. Fine, these guys come back to their motherland countries and leave job for american youths and then they help the companies from the other countries to seize the market shares of U.S. companies, which makes some american youths out of work again. Obviously, it is hard for U.S. to keep the leading role in the STEM field without keeping these young engineers on this land. It is also impossible to decrease the challenge that American youths would face and increase their opportunities for employ