As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in 2014 with a masters degree in the field of computer science.
Unfortunately, I didn't obtain an H-1B visa on April 1, 2015 because my petition wasn't picked in the H-1B lottery.Without the availability of a STEM extension, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes.

I was glad to see the proposed rule forre-institutingthe 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest strategies and techniques in the field. Expanding opportunities for STEM graduates benefits employers in high-tech industries by helping them to maintain connections with colleges and increase visibility on campus. This aids to promote community involvement and creates awareness of the field for future students and future employees. In addition, expanding practical training opportunities for international students will enhance U.S. companies by providing novel perspectives, fresh ideas, new processes, and specialized skill sets to augment the abilities of staff employees. Finally, STEM students will allow employers the opportunity to accomplish bigger projects, achieve more innovation, and develop new products and technology, all of which will further fuel the U.S. economy.

In order to be a meaningful learning experience, a 24-month extension combined with the initial 12 month OPT period is the appropriate duration to allow me to meet my planned learning goals and allow for active reflection on I am accomplishing throughout the experience. Students with up to 36 months of practical training can be assigned more challenging projects that better complement academic programs and career interests.

DHS should minimize the potential impact on STEM students in the event a final rule does not take effect before the vacatur of