Ever wonder why this year Google gets only 3059 H1B visa while they actually filed 9487 petition? If the probability of getting the H1b visa is so low then where did the H1b visa go? In 2015, more than 70% of the H1B are taken by infosys, tata consultancy, wipro, 3 major Indian consulting firm that exporting enormous number of affordable labors to work in U.S. These people have never received education or even been to United States. What is worse that these 3 companies file multiple petition for each candidate to increase their chance of getting the visa lottery, which has already become a public secret on redbus2us.com, an Indian based discussion board that shares the secrets of abusing the H1B lottery system. 

The ultimate victims in this incident is not only us F1 STEM students who spent years on academic endeavor and achieved advanced degrees in United States, that failed to get an H1B, but also the engineering companies and its R&D center that couldn't hire enough domestic talent and have to helplessly watch foreign talents they hired failed to win the H1B lottery and are forced to leave the country. 

This new rule is a life saver for the F1 students that suffered from this malfunctioning lottery that has been taken advantage of. I've ready a lot of the reviews against this new rule, and if you're one of them I really hope you could understand that the Disney workers, Comcast customer service ARE NOT USING OPT-EXTENSION. Those workers belong to the 3 major Indian consulting companies, and STEM F1 STUDENTS HATE THEM AS MUCH AS YOU DO!! BECAUSE THEY'RE TAKING AWAY OUR H1B VISA JUST LIKE THE TOOK YOUR JOBS!!!

Now with this new rule, it gives the F1 students who are currently working for US companies but have failed to win the H1B lottery another precious chance to get into the lottery for another year under OPT visa. I sincerely thank all the hard work USCIS have been pushing through under these month to expedite the paperwork, and as a F1 student, all I could 