I strongly support the proposal for the following reasons:

1. The government should give international students opportunities of applying the knowledge they learn from America to the society, which is also to let them make contributions to America after their study. They are a part of the best students all over the world, and the government provides the best higher education to them. It is a waste to let them immediately return to their countries after their study, instead of staying in the US and contributing to the development of the technology of the US.

2. I don't think the OPT STEM extension will have bad effects on finding jobs for US native people. Because it is much more harder for foreigners to find jobs than US native people. Native people have many advantages: they have no communication diffculties caused by the language; their ways of thinking are what most companies need; they are very familiar with the culture and have large social networks, etc. Thus they are accessible to many oppertunities that foreign students are never able to reach. And they have much more advantages and competitiveness than foreign students to find a good job. So they have no need to worry about the problem that foreign students may seize their job opportunities.

3. This proposal can create a lot of new job opportunities. Because many international students want to start their own business. And there is no doubt that the US is the best place to achieve their dreams. Many big companies in the US are created by international students, like Nvidia. The start-up companies create many job opportunities for local people, and make big contributions to the development of the technologies and society of
America. And the OPT STEM extension can give them enough time to start their business up.

In sum, we should support the proposal without hesitation. The US is a country with diversification. It gives all kinds of people accesses to their dreams. And it gives all kinds of people equal 