Ladies and gentlemen, as it is known to people all around the world, the U.S. is a freedom land of immigration, she gives infinite possibilities for people all around the world to pursue their dream--- the people who have skills get attracted to her inclusive and would like to contribute their knowledge and efforts to fulfill their goals and dreams. That is the reason why the U.S. is thriving and prosperous as it is today. One thing for sure is that the STEM international graduates are the POSITIVE elements to the development of society.

I saw people saying the international workers are grabbing the working opportunity of the citizen of united states. One point I want to mention is that today is not agriculture age, a unit of area could only feed one farmer. Today is era of science and technology, STEM graduates will not grab so called working opportunities. The graduate who was learning electrical engineering can never stole a work from a cook or a bank clerk. (No offense, just an example). Instead, he/ she will shine and contribute in electrical engineering field---energy, electronics, the most fundamental but important fields of the operation of a society. In fact, the market have so much need for high tech person that even if they hire both internationals and domestics, the needs for the positions is still strong. Look at the ratio of co-workers around you. With conscious.

The other point I want to mention is that, it is every enterprise's right to pick up the best employee for themselves. The reason why international graduates get job is because they are the, say, most fit person for the job, they are the best. They are doing the work with such high quality that they are the ones who are most qualified. Why take away the rights and opportunities from the ones who are the most fit? Put someone who is less qualified and skilled can never be the solution, and it will not be, if the society or enterprise wants to have a positive development.

It goes without sayi