I STRONGLY SUPPORT the 24-month STEM OPT extension. It does benefits international STEM students who would like to learn from work in the US and some of whom may want to stay in the US afterwards, but it benefits the US even more.

1. US Universities and Colleges
All of us are aware of the importance of diversity. However, the percentage of international students in US universities and colleges has been declining. OPT extension helps ensure that the US colleges and universities remain globally competitive in attracting international STEM students.

2. US Employers 
Many US companies, tech companies in particular, have stated that they are in short of qualified STEM graduates. Based on my experiences and my friends experiences interviewing with and working at big tech firms, I dont know any of the firms offers lower salary to employees working on OPT. I am not good at tax so have no idea about the tax impact, but to my knowledge, competence including professional skills, academic background, etc. is the most important factor in determining employment. The fact that there are a number of American graduates being unemployed while some international graduates being employed doesnt necessarily mean that the employers will consider to employ those Americans even without foreigners on OPT. The difference in competence does play a role. For example, a Computer Engineering graduate from Stanford and with a bunch of internship experiences would appear much more competent for an employer than someone from a community university and without comparable experiences. With OPT extension, US employers benefit from having a bigger talent pool for them to get the best candidates in the world.

3. US Employees
Some beneficiaries of OPT started their own business after graduation or a few years after working in the US, actually creating job opportunities for the US employees. 

Regarding the concerns some people have over companies replacing American employees with non-citizens for redu