I strongly support the OPT extension that helps international students to find a job in United States. To support my opinion, I will provide three reasons:
Firstly, United States is in its nature an immigrant country. In its 300 years of history, United States has embraced thousands of millions of immigrants coming to its shores from all over the world. Diligent and highly-skilled immigrants settle their homes here, establish their new social relations, open up business and start-ups, hire local American people to join their companies, all of which facilitate United States to become the world's first power after World War II. Immigrants have significant impact on the nation's business, politics, education, science and technology. For example, many successful scientists and researchers are foreign-born, in the year of 2013, 4 U.S immigrants won the Nobel Prize: Martin Karplus, performs his research at the University of Strasbourg and Harvard University, he was born in Austria. Michael Levitt works out of the Stanford University School of Medicine, and was born in the United Kingdom. And Arieh Warshel, is a professor at the University of Southern California and was born in Israel. It's obvious that outstanding immigrants help U.S. to become the world's leader in the science and business realm. 
Secondly, allowing foreign students to stay in U.S don't reduce American's working opportunity, but create more available jobs in the long term. Many entrepreneurial students may open up their own companies here, hiring more local people. Their startups can also increase the government tax income as well. Some successful examples include Tesla, which was founded by Elon Musk, a South African-born Canadian-American business magnate. Clearly, the companies he founded(Tesla, SpaceX, PayPal) is shaping the world in many aspects. I firmly believe that in the near future, there will be more 'Elon Musk', because many foreign students I know in STEM major are very smart, diligent and v