I strongly SUPPORT the OPT extension proposal.

It's short sighted and unrealistic to deprive their right of working in the US without a great harm to American's economy, technology development and overall power as a nation.

It's absurd to blame them for the minimum wage. Most international students have master's degree or higher, working for high tech companies, and having salary level way above minimal. Even without them, citizens living around minimum wages are not capable of taking on their jobs. Besides, the tax they paid go to welfare and keep those unemployed live a decent life. 

Opponents who claim they compete by requiring less payment has no ground. On the contrary, it cost employers extra money to apply H1-b for them. Obviously enough, any employer would choose a equally qualified citizen over an international student of there are enough in the job market.

Employers hire them for their brains and skills. Look at the ratio of them in silicon valley, without their contribution, Google, Apple, Facebook couldn't have reached where they are today. They have made, and will keep making high tech companies having abundant revenue, attracting more investors, exploring further and thus create more job opportunities. Rejecting them would break the ecosystem of the growth of science and technology in US.

OPT eligible students are elites among various industry. If not keeping them in the US, they would go to their homeland, or other countries that open doors for them, with their skills acquired from US education. If that happens they will became real competitors. At that time US companies would out source not only manufactures, but more work such as software/hardware development, because it cost less hiring engineers and developers living in a lower cost country.

International Students are HIGHLY EDUCATED, GOOD PEOPLE. Keeping them does only benefit to the US. I URGE this bill to pass, that those international students can continual doing greater contribution to 