As hard as it is to find a satisfactory paying job today.....to be able to pay our bills and raise our children......this is the most ridiculous idea i have heard so far!!! I am absolutely amazed at the stupidity that dems and America haters possess when it comes to suggesting ideas for "Americas" future!! Are you kidding me?! Do you really think we cannot see that doing this would make America a foreigners future???!!!! Do you think we are so stupid as to believe that a Foreign America means a culture change as well as the diminishing of our beloved constitution??!! It is plain to see that the Big Government wants a revolution....but I have news for them.......UN is nobody to us!! The UN will NEVER be anything to us!!! This is a pathetic move to secure the future of this country and its economy to those that would destroy it like they did their own!!! I am disgusted with what this country has allowed its politics to become!!! Where is your pride? where is your feeling of compassion for your fellow Americans that you vastly slide to your foreign paychecks!!??? Yes we know you are getting paid for your services!! Yes we know you believe that you are outside the "law".......but when the SHTF......politicians better not be anywhere within this great country......even nuclear holocaust will not deter those that love this country, and what it stands for, from making you suffer for it!!! This country was built by Americans for Americans....not so you can just pass it on down like an old pair of pants for your little cousin to wear!!! You will pay for the crimes you have committed against the people of this great nation, and it will be when you already think you have won!!! Just ask the King of Great Britain....oh you can't...he's dead!! We all know how the American war for Independence turned out...and Great Britain was said to have the most vast armies and navies at that time.....do not think that you are safe from prosecution when it is all said and done......This is an