Dear ICEB Representative, 

I am an Automotive Engineer. I work in Detroit. I am in favor of this decision of providing OPT stem extension of 24 months because of following reasons. My view and suggestions are purely related to Automotive Engineering. 

1)Taxes and Tuition fees: Taxes paid by an international student is high. Moreover the tuition fees paid by them are three time more that American Citizen. Allotting 24 months of OPT results in attracting more Students from foreign countries. We pay these fees and taxes because USA is land of dreams where I can explore my knowledge, skills and social life.

2) A chance to obtain practical Knowledge: After graduating from accredited university the candidate is still clueless because lack of practical knowledge. 24 months OPT helps them to shine their skills and explore the technologies. 

3) Patents: Most of the international students graduate with Masters degree. They have SAE ad other papers released. They have patents which can be property of OEM's like GM, FORD and Chrysler. They hire them and sponsor these international students resulting in gaining ownership of those patents. This is very important point because the proportion of patents own by foreign student in USA is considerable and valuable. 

4)Companies Attraction because of International student : Detroit unemployment rate were high but now it has decreased. Its lower that other states in USA now. Because OEM and suppliers all around the world want to do business in Detroit because its motor city and they know they will get reliable resources like International student graduating from accredited universities like "University of Michigan". International Student Employee availability helps the company to integrate their technologies in the USA and hence transferred to locals. Like Just in Time manufacturing technique from Toyota. 
Employer is always looking for a skilled employee. 

5) U.S Department of commerce: According to US department of commerce Inte