I strongly support F1 OPT extension and the new Cap-Gap Relief. I just finished my master degree in information science this May. I'm now working as a full time employee in a technology company under my OPT and I will back up my comment with my personal story.

1. Finding a job in US as an international student is way harder than domestic student. In my master program, there are in total 43 student, almost half international and half domestic students. My international classmates and I started job hunting earlier last December, however many of them didn't get any offers when graduated in May. In contrast, my domestic classmates started looking at late March or April got plenty of job interviews and offers at ease. If you've been through the strenuous process of job hunting, you will know a simple fact: most of the companies will filter out international students at early stage to avoid OPT and visa issues. Thus it is ridiculous for argument like "international STEM students are occupying US citizens' job opportunities". In fact, non-citizens are way more discriminated in terms of finding a job.

2. Low wage for OPT students is not a case for me and my company. When offered with the position in my current company, I did lots of research of my salary and came to know that I'm paid almost same of US employees. When attending the company orientation about insurance, 401k and benefits, I am all along with my newly hired US colleges. We had no differences in job benefits. Hence I believe there is no cost can be saved when hiring me, compared to hiring any other US citizens. We are treated equally in my company. Also my friends in other companies are telling the same story. Therefore, those who argued that companies are trying to cut cost to hire more international employees are not true.

3. Extended STEM OPT and Cap-Gap Relief could really benefit both international students and the companies. As for me, I started my OPT this June and it will end the first 12-month perio