STEM major students have greatly improved the U.S. economy, those high-skilled workers can compensate the skill set that most of the U.S. citizens are lacking of, for example, computer science, engineering, etc, most of them work for big companies like microsoft, facebook and they're making great contributions to help companies grow thus create more job opportunities for the people in United States. United States is an immigrate country, it will be very beneficial if it can get the best people in the world and help with U.S. economy. 

The whole purpose of the OPT program is not only to provide international student the chance to apply what they have learned from class to the actual work to gain experience. 30% chance of getting the H1B visa prevented lots of international students make contributions to the U.S. economy, more and more people choose to go back to their home country, which in turn, greatly contribute to the economy for their home country (they often get higher pay than here because of the somewhat discrimination of the international student in silly consideration of them competing in the job market other than the whole benefit of the U.S. economy). 

Moreover, among those, a large percent of the people graduate from the most prestigious schools in U.S. such as those IVY schools because only the best students in the world can get the offers from U.S. schools. For example, the founder of Instagram- Mike Krieger, almost leave the country because he can't win the lottery for the H1B visa. It will be a great loss for the United States for their competitiveness of their global economic status if they're going to evict those talent people. However, the OPT program help the U.S. to prevent the lose of talented people, which is a win-win method for both the student and United States. Besides, I believe to make the U.S. stronger, the government should focus on those illegal immigrants rather than the talents that can make great contribution to the U.S. economy.