I am so glad to see that Homeland Security Department revised and proposed this rule because they obviously know how important it is to United States and its people. However, I heard so many voice against it and most of them are for " no reason". So I think it is critical to discuss why this rule is necessary and we need to support this rule.

First of all, this rule will benefit American people more than the F1 STEM students themselves. Based on the rule, it only applies to F1 STEM students who are most likely to work at technical position that require extremely advanced science knowledge. Given the limit number of STEM students (approximate 200,000 every year) and great demand of talent people in American Tech companies to push the development move forward, these STEM students are not competing jobs with the local Americans. But in the other side, the technical companies that support by these STEM students make billions of dollars every year and they pay billions of tax to the government which will finally used to improve welfare of American people who most likely aren't taking those hard technical jobs and contributing the advancement of American science. As a result of the hard work of the STEM students, American or even the whole world is becoming more and more intelligent and the welfare of America people is keep improving yearly. But what the STEM students get is just two more year experience in Silicon Valley or somewhere else. 

Then, most of the people against this rule have no idea how significant it means to America and what they are doing. I happened to know some American who strongly against this rule and I asked them why. They relied back crucially "I just don't want more immigrants in United States. They are taking all of our jobs and benefit from our welfare system." So apparently, they have not really investigated what is behind this rule and if what they are claiming is true or not. Based on the discussion above, there are limited STEM students an