I am grateful for this proposal and hope it can be approved for everyones long-term benefit.

One popular reason for opposing this proposal is that American students are out of jobs while international students can find jobs. This claim/accusation is actually subjective, UNTRUE, and BIASED. Most of the American students actually dont know much about the OPT program or the OPT STEM program which are two different things.

1)First, dont confuse the concept of STEM students with the concept of general American students. STEM is only for math, engineering, technology and statistics majors while therere hundreds of more different majors out there where international students actually CANNOT take advantage of this extension. In fact, STEM majors only comprise a tiny % of the overall student population and I dont think unemployed American students majoring in Journalism, Communication, Film, Public Policy, Arts, Business, Management and a whole lot of areas should blame STEM for it. Them being unemployed has NOTHING TO DO WITH THE STEM program.

2)Second, anyone with commonsense and basic knowledge of the STEM majors should know that students from these majors are popular on the job market and theres HUGE DEMAND for QUALIFIED stem students out there. I know quite a few Silicon Valley companies that are urgently looking for qualified STEM students to fill multiple roles but theres just NOT ENOUGH QUALIFIED stem students there. The demand is, generally speaking, bigger than the supply, but it all depends on whether youre qualified. So please stop accusing international STEM students of stealing jobs from the American students, but instead please consider it as help fill high requirement roles when theres not enough qualified candidates out there on the market

3)Its way MORE difficult for international STEM students to find jobs than for their American counterparts. If you could, ever, be a STEM international student one day, just for one single day, youd understand the disa