I strongly support this new rule!

Americans, don't forget where you come from! your founding fathers are all immigrations! Embracing new immigrations is the essence of this country! sing your national anthem! "This is home of bravery!" IF you work hard, you are a honest guy, you are willing to get educated, you can succeed here! Donald Reagan said "This place could be called home for anyone who embrace American spirit!" you cannot do it anywhere else in the world! only America! anyone who don't support this new rule is potentially sabotaging the foundation of this country and should be treated as treason!

I know some Americans are against opt extension because they think international students steal their jobs, then go work hard, go get higher education, they hire us not because they pay us less money, it is because we can do it, you cannot! All of the companies who gave me interview treat me equally as Americans(If they want to lean to some one, they will only lean toward American, not international students! we must work 2 times harder than Americans to get the Job!) they hire us because we can do it! H1B petition rule says clearly that your salary must above industry average to apply the H1B. Someone charge small company who hire international students to give them less pay to control the cost is absolutely not true! Stop blaming international students, if you cannot get a job, go work harder, go get higher education, confront the competition! that's the right way! I study 14 hours a day in my our country! study 12 hr a day in Columbia University! some of Americans, they only go to party, date girls, drink beers, when they graduate, they cannot find a job, they blame international students who work hard and blame government who doesn't protect them! "Ask what you can do for this country! not what this country can do for you!" This generation of American is getting lazy, they forget what makes this country great, that's why you need new immigrations to bring the