I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

Currently I am pursuing the degree of master of science in the filed of quantitative and computational finance in Georgia Tech and will graduate in December 11th,2015. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my prospective employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1st, 2016, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes.

The proposal to reinstitute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. For me, this experiential learning will allow me to integrate financial knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in an asset management firm or investment firm. All these integrated experience will lay a solid foundation to my future career life. If I am back to China immediate after I graduate, I will have a difficult time trying to applying what I learnt to the Chinese market. In that sense, I should go for a Chinese university instead of universities in the United States, because I would learn more knowledge related to Chinese market, and I am also able to build network in the meanwhile. Thus, without the hand in experience in the United States, the education I received here will be much less meaningful. 

Secondly, these benefits also will encourage future international students to join STEM programs in the U.S. and allow U.S. companies to remain competitive globally. As STEM program applies to the high- tech involved maj