Dear sir or madam, 

I am currently working at Johns Hopkins University in the field of Public Health as I am in the first year of optional practical training. I strongly support this rules for expanding training opportunities for F-1 Students with STEM degrees. 

First, collaboration is critical in the STEM field, which will eventually create more job opportunities for both US students and international students. For example, in the area of public health, especially in the field of International Health, there is plenty of long-term collaborative research ongoing in Africa and Asia, which aimed to investigate the natural history of infectious disease and chronic diseases. As US-based liaison, international graduates with extensive perspectives in the culture and customs of both home country and United States, have been actively involved in these research studies. If international students have the expanded training opportunities, they will be able to be involved in the entire process of the research, which usually takes several years, and to help the implementation of the research projects internationally. These research results have and will continue to shred light on the disease prevention and treatment world wide, which have been used to guide further research projects, policy making, and cure development. Consequently, the success of these international collaborative research projects will bring in enormous job opportunities such as in pharmaceutical companies, non-profit organizations, and research-oriented universities for both US students and international students.

Second, the economic boost from international students both before and after graduation have been tremendous. For example, it is very common for international students to either take a break to visit home country or to have family members come to visit them in US. This active international travel will bring in plenty of potential in the Services sectors, such as hospitality industry/tourism, ente