I strongly agree on the OPT extension program since it is a continues improvement of the current situation of American labor market although there seems to be some different voices down the road.

The main disagreement against the OPT extension program tends to be foreign students put native workers out of jobs. However, this opinion is unilateral and arbitrary.
First of all, the foreign students contribute the American economy in various aspects.
As a foreign student, the tuition fee is normally higher compared with native student. Not even mentioning the financial aids that are mostly adaptable for only native students. Therefore, foreign students play a significant role in the education industry, helping universities to provide better education and better life for not only the foreign students themselves, but the native students. Moreover, foreign students bring dynamic culture and academic elements into American education industry which would keep the universities in the States on a high level.

On the other side, foreign students add up the temporarily population around the school which would contribute to the local economy, creating more job opportunities. Please considering the restaurants, auto industry, accommodation industry, commodity industry and so many more. As there is a law against international students working out of school, those job opportunities created by the industries mentioned above are purely for native workers.

Secondly, there is no direct evidence showed that opt extension would damage the native workers opportunities. The isolate number, 43 thousands jobs were put out of the native workers by foreign students, could not be considered as a key clue for the reason against OPT extension program. The reason is that according to Wall Street and other statistic data, the unemployment rate of the U.S. is dropping constantly from 2010. Now, Oct. of 2015, it even reaches the lowest point in the past 7 years, 5.0%. Therefore, it is considerably i