I support this rule. It will boost US economy. Some of the opponents' comments are very ridiculous. In this comment, I want to prove their comments are deadly wrong.

1. Some of the opponents claim OPT students don't pay Social Security and Medicare. That depends. NOT ALL students are exempt from Social Security&Medicare. Whether companies have to pay the Social Security&Medicare depends on whether the worker is Resident Alien OR Non-Resident Alien. Resident Aliens have to pay Social Security&Medicare while Non-Resident Aliens don't have to. To be qualified for Resident Alien, one must pass Either Green Card Test OR Substantial Presence Test. The first test is easy to understand. To pass the second one, the # of days he stays in US in this year + the # of days he stays in US in last year / 3 + the # of days he stays in US in the year before last year / 6 must >= 180 days. So for H1B workers, almost all of them have to pay Social Security. But for F1 student, there is a 5-year exemption period, which means the first 5 years he stays in US on F1 visa don't count into Substantial Presence Test. From the 6th year, F1 student will become Resident Alien and have to pay Social Security&Medicare, too. This 5-years exemption period includes BOTH the time they study in universities AND the time they work on OPT. So for example, if one student spends 4 years pursuing a Bachelor degree, then he is exempt from SS&Medi for ONLY ONE year on OPT. He also has to pay SS&Medi from the 2nd year. If one student spends 2 years pursuing a Master degree, then he is exempt from SS&Medi for 3 years on OPT. If one student get both a Bachelor and Master from a US university, then he will NOT be able to be exempt from SS&Medi because 5 years have already passed before he can graduate. This exemption period is applicable to F1 student ONLY, NOT H1B workers. Although F1 student may be exempt from SS&Medi, but they are NOT qualified for Standard Deduction or American Opportunity and Life-time Lear