I strongly SUPPORT this proposal.
It is unjust, shortsighted and against the interest of American people to deprive international students' legal right to work in US after graduation simply because they are not citizens. In addition, the belief that minimum wages cannot get raised because there are too many international students are also unreasonable and against fact. I am strongly convinced that allowing international students to prosper in the US would bring in far more jobs than the number saved by driving them out. 

Rejecting international students would gain us a short-term, illusive relief that there might be temporarily fewer competitors in the job market. However, this short-term satisfaction would be at the cost of long-term benefits of American people and would cause the US to lose ground to the countries that welcome these students. STEM students go back to their country or go to other welcoming countries if rejected by the US. They will devote to scientific research, entrepreneurship, public policy and other fields that empower and create jobs for the country they serve for. Brain is power and it is a great loss to drive our highly educated brains to other countries. By ousting their talents America is creating the next Alibaba, not the next facebook!

What is worse, I believe the American salary level would be severely BROUGHT DOWN rather than driven up by this decision. On the contrary, let them stay will INCREASE not decrease jobs. Companies ship the jobs to India, China and many other countries with lower pay if they cannot hire enough high quality workers in the US, or if the cost of hiring a US worker is too high. On top of this, international students create more jobs by opening companies. According to Kauffman foundation, Immigrants were almost twice as likely to start businesses in 2012 as native-born Americans, and bout one-quarter of the engineering and technology companies started in the United States between 20062012 had at least one key f