October 19, 2015

As an international student from India who will benefit from this regulation, I am thankful to the staff and Secretary of the Homeland Security Department (DHS) for promulgating this regulation in a timely manner. Please note the following comments.

[Supplementary Information, Section III A] I support the proposal by DHS to reinstate the OPT STEM Extension in response to the judgment issued on August 12, 2015 by the U.S. District Court in the case of Washington Alliance of Tech. Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security. I further hope that the final rule, following the period of public comments and review by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), will be published at least 60 days before the date of vacatur indicated in the courts judgment, i.e., the final rule be published in the Federal Register 60 days before February 12, 2016. This would allow time for review by Congress and the Government Accountability Office (GAO), so that the final rule will take effect by February 12, 2016.

[Supplementary Information, Section III B] I support the proposal by DHS to increase the period of OPT STEM Extension from 17 months to 24 months. Further, I also support the proposal to provide an additional OPT STEM Extension of 24 months for earning a second STEM degree of higher educational level. This regulation implies that if an international student on F-1 visa earns a qualifying STEM Masters and Doctoral degree from an accredited U.S. university, he or she would be eligible for a total of 6 years of practical training in their selected area of study. As a result, the student will be able to obtain valuable work experience and STEM skills, which might not be readily available in the home country of the student.

[Supplementary Information, Section III B] The proposed rule by DHS requires students and employers to implement a formal Mentoring and Training Plan that would be submitted to the Designated School Official (DSO) before the OPT STEM Extensi