The proposed OPT rule is crafted to meet the cheap labor needs of the high tech industry at the same time Americans, who are equally or better qualified, are excluded from the program. It also meets a false need created by high tech industry executives to use U.S. immigration policy to make available to industry cheap, exploitable, labor, at lower cost than they expect to pay American high tech workers, especially older workers who have more experience and expect higher pay.

A recent (September 15, 2015) article in U.S. News and World Report notes that wages have been stagnant for programmers since the mid-1990s even though high-tech executives earn ever higher salaries. The National Institutes of Health, my former funding source, has a program to help biomedical Ph.Ds. find work in related fields outside of their field of expertise. The high-tech labor shortage is a myth created by industry to obtain from a supine, or really complicit, government, that creates programs such as H1-B, L-1, F-1, and summer internships for recent foreign graduates, to supply industry with cheaper labor it can exploit. There is no high tech labor shortage when up to half of all graduates from American colleges cannot find jobs in their field.

The OPT program has the effect of discouraging American students from pursuing degrees in the STEM (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics) because American students know they wont be hired when cheaper foreign workers are made readily available to industry by programs such as OPT. Is it the purpose of government to serve the interests of industry before making jobs available to Americans who by all rights deserve first crack at employment in the fields they have studied so hard to earn their degree?

The worst aspect of this kind of preferential hiring or foreign labor is the discouraging effect it has on American students, whether native or foreign born. This is what Norman Matloff means when he says that such programs create an inte