As a foreigner who benefits from this OPT STEM extension program, I think it's very necessary to improve and expand the practical training opportunities for F1 students. It's win-win for all parties.

International students come to US to get advanced educations. They pay the tuition. They live there and stimulate the local economy. For example, all the international students will need a bank account, a cellphone, a computer and a car maybe. With increased amount of the international students coming to US, all the related industry will prosper. 

International students bring fresh air/ideas to colleges. They study hard to earn a degree and then they try to find a job to apply what they have learned into practice. US becomes so powerful today is because all the people having dreams with knowledge and passion are attracted here to build their own land. The people originate from different part of the world settle down here and utilize their intelligence to excel in different fields. If you are not giving enough opportunities to these talent people, how can you expect US to become more powerful and advanced in the future ?

I saw some of the comments mentioning F1 students took US workers job. Its not true. As you know, in order to recruit a F1 students to work, the company has to follow some complex procedures. But why the company would bother to get a international student ? There are two reasons. 1. There are not enough US workers in STEM field. If you check the most interested majors in college, fewer STEM fields are among the top ten list. 2. US workers are not qualified for some STEM jobs. Rather than blocking the international workers, the education or training system should be reformed to improve the employability of US STEM workers. Labor market is a free market, if you manually set some strict rules, it may solve the problem temporarily but larger problem will be seen later on. US workers need to be aware of this issue and can not just avoid competition in labo