As an international student in Canada, as well as an applicant to graduate schools of US, I believe that the OPT-extension is necessary and beneficial to not only STEM graduates but also this nation.

My undergraduate major is Physics. When I browse the homepage of the physics department of a top-50 university, I can always find many excellent faculties in the department who were once immigrant. These scholars now form the indispensable force of scientific and technological advances of the nation. With the former success of welcoming these former international students, it is unreasonable to stop at this point by cancelling the OPT extension. International students introduce diversity to this nation, which keeps stimulating the creativity of this nation as it did in the past decades. The lose of brain power is fatal to a nation with renown of creativity and innovation. This nation had already cancelled the plan of Superconducting Super Collider at Texas in 1993, which abnegated the authority and the frontier of high energy physics to CERN. Are we going to continuously giving up our FIRST PLACE in other fields as well? At this point, it is unwise to stop the OPT-extention to reject creativity and diversity from enter this nation.

Some may argue that the extension of OPT results in increasing pressure of the job market, but this is only short-term effect. Competition will in the long term benefit this country. It is true that some immediate effect will assuage the job pressure, but considering the long term loss of the nation in competitive ability by locking it door to the diverse ideas from the rest of world, the reduction of job pressure in this way should be carefully reconsidered, about whether it is wise or not to sacrifice long term benefit for short term profit.

The United States can never have enough talents and innovation no matter in the past or in the future. At this point it is crucial to continue the OPT-extension to welcome new talents to maintain the