In this situation, I strongly support this OPT extension program that can benefit both USA and international students. As most important reason, large number of excellent international students come to US for the reason of good education, learning environment here together with the OPT and OPT extension policy. Most international students around me choose US university instead of university in England, Australia, etc because of OPT and OPT extension. Especially the OPT extension. Why? OPT extension is only for STEM majors' students that they need more real experience instead of just learning in class, but OPT is just one year which is not enough for them. So the combination of US university and OPT, OPT extension makes the best part of US education and attracts large number of excellent students come to US. If we do not have OPT extension, many students will consider other countries to get further education instead of US, which I think is a loss of America. 

Also, most people who hold the opinion that they do not support OPT extension policy because it will hurt US citizen for many american can not find a job. I highly doubt this opinion. OPT extension policy begins on 2008 that has been used for 7 years. But the unemployment rate is decreasing in recent years and we can not just say it is OPT extension took people's job that made many american can not find a job. As we all know, OPT extension is only for STEM majors' students that many US companies need them to make benefits and vise versa. Those people who holds opposite opinion said international students take their job opportunities is not convinced. Most companies would willing to hire native citizens because they are more familiar with US, even English and companies need to pay more if they hire an international student for obeying the law that salary for students must be higher than the average salary at that area.Why do so many companies still need to hire students who are in OPT or OPT extension status? Be