I am strongly in favor of the OPT policy and hope it to be extended to 24 months. The reasons are as follows:

1. The reason why America is the strongest nation in the world lies on the fact that there are numerous talented immigrants who devote themselves to building this nation. The OPT policy will undoubtedly attract more and more students to come here and keep this nation prosperous;

2. I am working in a pharmaceutical company now where I dealt with a lot of stuff about cGMP manufacturing. By working here, I learned a lot of regulatory so that I am able to bring what I learned here back to my own country and they can better cooperate with American pharmaceutical companies in the future, which I believe will do a lot of good to American economy;

3. America is always a great country that is tolerant and keep opening up to the world. I believe this is a very important part of America core value. By having a chance to work here for a couple of years after graduation, the students will get more opportunities to know about the America spirit and its core values better so that they are able to spread it to their own countries, from which both America and other countries will benefit a lot;

4. If the OPT policy is cancelled now, a lot of talented people who are currently working in the US have to terminate their employment. This sudden unplanned change will not only affect the foreign students, but more importantly, will definitely have a really negative impact on the companies here as well as the US economy. As a result, cancelling this policy is undoubtedly a unwise decision;

5. I strongly believe that competition is always the force to make people moving forward. Without the competition from the talented foreign students, there is much less force to keep the American peer proceeding and improving themselves. The reason that makes the river clear is that it keeps receiving the fresh water from outside, if the communication from outside is shut off, the water will 