I think OPT extension of 2 years would do US a great deal of good in the following respects:
1. With this extension, US universities and colleges would be much more likely to attract international students, each of whom would spend averagely 25000 dollars on tuition a year in US. Besides, they would also have extra spending on living, shopping, and renting. This kind of spending would stimulate the growth of US economy, not to mention that they would bring relatives to come to US to visit and shop. This adds to the revenue of US touring business and sales business. If there is no benefits like OPT, international students might tend to choose Australia, Canada, New Zealand etc which have better regulations for international students, and they would probably obtain the revenue which could have been gained by US.
2. This extension would also benefit companies which are in need of selected IT professionals. As the IT industry grows enormously in US, almost all the companies have evolved, and need at least web support. However, the H1B capital has not increased. There exists lots of arguments on whether the number of US STEM students is more than the number of STEM jobs, and this subject, in my opinion, bears little relevance on whether OPT should be granted to foreigners since the ratio ranges from 0.5 to 1.5 in various studies.
First, even the number is larger than that of job postings, it does not mean that the company needs are satisfied. In STEM field, quality is at a lot of occasions more important than quantity. That is to say, companies choose candidates based more on their qualifications, and lots of unqualified candidates is worse than a few qualified candidates. It is not to say that US STEM students are not competent, but they are not all that competent and companies do not have to bear with it.
Second, many STEM students ended up working outside STEM fields. After years in STEM, those students find more suitable career paths. So the number of degrees earned 