I strongly support this new proposed policy about STEM OPT extension since this new policy will benefit US in many aspects.

High educated professionals are the key point for US to prevail in the global high technical competition and to keep long term prosperity of US. Every year, US universities spend a lot of money in the education of high quality students(Master or PhD), of which most are foreign students. But because of failing to get visa, many of those highly educated people have to leave US after graduation instead of working and contributing their knowledge to US. Big companies need high educated people to work for them in order to prevail and to expand. The development of science for the whole countries need professionals to solve the cutting edge problems. Obviously, the outflow of talents will slow down the development of US, however, benefit its rivals since those outflow high educated people will work for other countries to compete with US. So from this view, it's not wise to let this outflow of talented people continue. This new policy will definitely give more chances to those high educated people to stay and work for US.

What's more, this new policy will stimulate overseas students to study in USA which will create working opportunities for US and bring a large amount of financial input to US in the way of paying living expense and tuition fee. It's reported that many of the universities, USC for instance, the tuition fees from overseas students is a very important financial income of universities to fund research or basic facilities. Also, the living expense will bring more work opportunities to local people around the universities in the way providing housing, food, and cars and so on.

As for those opinions from people oppose the new rule,saying that the new rule will let US citizens lose job opportunities, I think this rule will only allow foreign people to have equal chances to compete with US citizens in high knowledge demand positions. Even t