I strongly support the DHS's proposal. This Optional practical training (OPT) program benefits the U.S. economy in two aspects:
First and the most important, it will U.S. education system more attractive to foreign student. In such a modern world, a degree means nothing without related work experience. OPT system provides such an opportunity for the foreign student a chance to practice the knowledges and skills they learn from U.S. universities so that they can be more competitive in the job market or even start their own businesses when they return to their own country. This OPT program makes a U.S. degree much more attracting to the foreign students when they are trying to decide where to spend their next several years college time and hundreds of thousands of dollars tuition. In 2014, more than 300,000 F1 visa were issue to foreign students. In average, each of those students spends 40,000 USD per year for their tuition and living cost. That is 12 billion dollar business. Without OPT program, a dramatic drop could be expected on that number.

Second, the OPT program (especially STEM extension) makes the technology companies in U.S. more competitive than their competitors in other countries like EU, China and India. It is a big brain drain from other countries. Every year, tech companies in U.S. hire best of the best among those foreign students and keep their advantage in the technology areas. Many may argue that U.S. are producing enough STEM graduates to its needs. The data is still arguable, because a large portion of the U.S. STEM graduates are foreign students. For example, more than 50% of the STEM PhD degree in U.S. are gained by foreigners. Even the number of american STEM graduates is larger than the openings, it is still necessary to hire the best engineers and scientists among the foreign students. This is simply because in such a globally competition world, either the high tech companies get the best of best or there is no high tech companies at all. 