I strongly support this new rule of OPT extension.

I work in a Silicon Valley company so I feel Im obligated to comment on this matter. Companies in the high-tech segment value long-term benefits from hiring a new employee. Hiring qualified and smart people is the highest priority for us, not considering nationalities and citizenship. Given the current system, if two employees are equally qualified, one is a U.S. citizen and the other is not, the citizen is already favored over the foreign student because of the complication and cost of hiring foreigners.

The opposition of this rule argued that STEM students are getting their jobs and causing unemployment for US nationals. Its simply not true. Some people should not blame their inability to find a job on excuses like this. Hiring qualified candidates is the only concern for the companies. In addition, the high-tech companies are also not paying less to the STEM students compared to their US counterparts. The standard is the same regardless of the employees race, gender and nationality. So its also invalid to blame the companies for hiring foreign students to cut the cost. 

STEM OPT exists because foreign students need time to apply and secure H1 status, given the current lower and lower probability of getting it. Helping these STEM students get H1 status eventually is essential for the students themselves and the their employers businesses. These qualified and smart foreign students not only wont cause unemployment for US nationals, they actually contribute a lot to innovative technologies, to the growth of US economy and the creation of more jobs. Expelling highly skilled foreign students out of the country will only harm the US job market and not going to help under-qualified people get a job. 

The United States is the greatest nation on the planet because it embraces the best minds all over the world. Take a look at all those great achievements in science, technology during the past century, a great many of t