Many opponents of expanding the period of OPT seek to pit native-born workers against their foreign-born colleagues. But, in fact, workers do not compete against each other for a fixed number of jobs. The United States has created a dynamic and powerful economy, and immigrants of all types and skills, from every corner of the globe, have worked with native-born workers to build it. Skilled immigrants' contributions to the U.S. economy help create new jobs and new opportunities for economic expansion. Indeed, foreign-born students who graduate with an advanced degree in STEM fields from U.S. universities positively impact the U.S. economy and employment opportunities of native-born workers.
For more than 200 years, the United States has welcomed immigrants from around the world into our nation to enhance our diversity, culture, and economy, which has been the most important reason for this nation's success. Many other countries are trying to learn our successful experience. Recently, Chinese government has proposed 8 new rules about new "green card" policy to attract talents from around the world. The short comes of current H-1B strategy has already make many skilled talents leaving this country. Google Executive Chairman Eric Schmidt called it a "Brilliant strategy," he said "We take very, very smart people, bring them into the country, give them a diploma and kick them out where they go on to create companies that compete with us." Without the availability of a STEM extension, things can only be getting worse. 
DHS should minimize the potential impact on STEM students in the event a final rule does not take effect before the vacatur of the 2008 Interim Final Rule. Many STEM students chose U.S. universities for higher education because of the availability of 29 months of practical training under the current rule. It would be a huge disappointment if students would instead only be able to remain for 12 months due to a delay in rulemaking. Therefore, the following opt