We should definitely support this extension rule.
1)The OPT extension rule is essential to support the development of overall economy especially high-tech and IT industry in the United States as most of graduate students who receive advanced education in the areas such as computer science and financial engineering are international students who will need the OPT extension. Without such an extension, those stem students will have far less opportunities to work in the US, which will largely harm the development of US economy.
2)Without the extension rule, the US academic sector can no longer remain competitive globally. A lot of international students like me myself came to the US because we the existence of the former 17-month extension rule which will help us gain enough valuable working experiences before we go back to our home country. Without such an extension, a lot of students might choose European countries instead for their further study since it costs far less.
3)Currently, a lot of students are already using the OPT extension. If the 24-month rule is not passed, those students will be forced to leave the company there are working for, which will have large negative effects on those companies as their normal working schedule will be largely disturbed.
4)A lot of US citizens argue that those international students rap their working opportunities. This is not the case. It's true that some people are unemployed now. However, this is not because of the international students. A lot of US companies need to hire international students because only such students with strong background in modeling, quantitative analysis, etc., are qualified for those positions. Even without international students and without OPT extension, those who could not find a job now still could not find a job he wants simply because he is not qualified for that. In another word, if a US citizen is competitive and intelligent enough, he can always find a job no matter whether the extension ex