It is a fact that international students are performing better in the STEM field and therefore this proposal is indeed helping the economy of the United States in multiple direct and indirect ways. First of all, many colleges and Universities are not doing that well financially, it is the growing international student population who doesn't get much financial aid/scholarship from the school and paying their tuition in full that are supporting the financial health of these schools. At the same time, because of the international student population is growing exponentially, the related industries that's in your day to day life had benefitted hugely- renting, food, retail, etc. Honestly the immigration regulation of the United States sucks comparing to a lot of other well developed countries. It cannot compare with Canada, Britain, or Australia at all. However, the reason why people still keeps coming is because they see the effort the U.S. government has trying to make. They see that U.S. government realized that they can't let the talented and skilled people learn the top skills in the world and leave the country without serving the companies of its own just because of the limitation from immigration rules. This new regulation is going to keep more people in the United States and keep the technology firms working healthily. On the opposite, if this regulation doesn't pass, many people will have to leave the country and the technology firms won't have enough people to support the work they're doing now. Lack of good regulation will also stop people from coming into this country because why not choose other countries where they could've easily stayed.

For those people who are arguing immigrations are causing lowered wage without any proof- just because you can't find a well-paid job doesn't mean fewer incoming immigrants is going to solve this. You can't find a well-paid job because you're not qualified and not capable. Most of the international students who benefit fr