My comment is directed in opposition to any expansion of the F1 program. While this expansion is a mistake and should not
be implemented, the bigger picture is the bigger problem. You are part of the Department of Homeland Security. More foreigners
staying here longer does not make the homeland more secure. You are Americans employed by the American people for their
benefit, not for the benefit of foreigners or the world at large. Subsidizing the employment of foreign students by providing tax
relief to corporations and ignoring prevailing wages means less Americans work for less money. This does not benefit America or
the American people, instead enriching a tiny minority of tech company shareholders at the expense of everyone else. This program
as well as the H1 B visa program create and underclass of foreign serfs paid little, chained to their desks, and silenced because if they
lose their job they are expelled from the promised land. This is a culturally corrosive class system that is at odds with American values.
It and it's hypocrisy will not endear us to foreigners either. Everybody loses, except a few rich campaign contributors. The really
sad thing is that even they lose in the long run because the work they don't want to pay for is substandard and the companies slowly
sink. I am an engineer with 30 years experience and I have watch it happen over and over again. I did the real math, not the phony
accounting use to justify such decisions, and when you add in the costs of mistakes, low productivity, supervision, perpetual training of
revolving door foreigners, lack of commitment, etc.. it actually end up more expensive to use the "cheap" foreigners. It is an entirely
corrupt system. Stop it. Do not expand it but rather eliminate it. Ditto H1 B visas. Ditto most student visas which have the effect of
denying education to deserving Americans in favor of rich and/or politically connected foreigners who can afford to study abroad.
No one who has watched Dirty Jo