I STRONGLY SUPPORT this new rule, for the following reasons:

1. These days universities in the USA are having more and more masters and PhDs in the STEM field. In my universities and many others, graduate students in STEM are mostly from other countries other than the USA. This at least has two very important implications. Firstly, universities earn money from these students' tuition fee, which takes a huge part of the universities' entire revenue. Secondly, not many USA students want to take advanced study or do research in STEM, while it might be true that there might still exist many undergradudate american students. Just take a look at the departments like ECE, CS, etc. there are so many grad students as well as professors from other countries. If this new STEM OPT rule could not be issued, universities will lose huge amount of international students, thereby losing money as well as talented individuals. 

2. Continuing from the last point. If fewer and fewer international students are willing to come to study in USA, those tech companies will have a difficult time to hire qualified workers. It is true that many undergrad american students are from STEM, but lots of positions require master or PhD level of education. What will those tech companies do then? Well, they still have lots of options, they can for example hire talented individuals from overseas, and apply L1 visa, or H1B visa for them every year. So the H1B visa lottery will become more competitive, which is absolutely unfair to those hardworking international students from USA universities. Also, It is definitely NOT true that because of the OPT STEM rule, so many american workers are out of jobs. Companies only hire qualified workers, to make money for them. Since there are not enough american STEM students have master or PhD degrees, companies will not hire them only because they are americans. Big tech companies will definitely look for more talented people from overseas. 

3. International studen