I STRONGLY SUPPORT the OPT Extension program. The comments against this regulation have no solid resource of data, have no real understanding of what's happening in the job market, the tax practice of F-1 status, nor the difference between F-1 and H-1b. Instead, It is OPT and OPT extension that meet the long term interest of the United States.

OPT extension does not guarantee a job to a student; The argument of less job opportunity for U.S. citizens due to OPT extension is a pseudo-proposition. In fact, hiring a student in OPT status usually means higher hiring cost for employer because the employer needs to pay a lot more to process job visa and even immigration petition in order to keep the employee, therefore for a same position, a employer would rather hire a citizen even if an F-1 student would be a better candidate, and a lot of employers just do not include F-1 student in consideration at all; I myself, as all other F-1 students, had the experience while looking for job that citizens have always had absolutely more opportunities and higher possibility to get hired than an F-1 status student in the job market.

While in such unfair competition environment, there are still some excellent students managed to find a position where their skills and knowledge can be best utilized maximize the employer's benefits and the employer could not find an equivalent candidate among citizens. If the best candidate cannot be hired, what actually been hurt is the interest of the employer. And there are tens of thousands of such employers that are contributing to the U.S. economy. 

Furthermore, whatever employment benefits that OPT employees enjoy are paid by themselves payslips; and they are paying the same income tax while not covered by the social welfare that a citizen may have. Some argued that employing the OPT students lower the income, which is nonsense at all without comparison between same positions/industries/locations. And as my personal experience, I and my peers