About this STEM OPT extension proposal, there are four opinions I have to say here.
Firstly, the Unites State of America is an immigrant country from the day it was born. It grows to be a strong and top one country because of the open policy, which gives everyone equal rights and opportunities to make their own contribution to the development of the country. The immigration policy is just one of these kinds of open policy. The STEM OPT extension policy provides the equal right and opportunity to the STEM students in the job market, and gives them chances to work for this country and contribute to this country. The Americans actually wont be able to live a day without immigrants.
Secondly, some may argue that we already have enough STEM workers, US citizens or foreigners, and we dont need more. The world is changing every day. The reason you have enough STEM workers is partially because of the current 17 months extension policy, which helps to keep available STEM workers stay in this country and contribute to this country. This extension policy is proposed due to the changing of the world. If you dont live with changes, you lose and you will immediately be in a situation of short of STEM workers. Believe it or not, you dont want to experience that situation.
Thirdly, even you do believe you have enough STEM workers of US citizens, this policy increases the competition. Competition makes progress. It is exactly because of this strong competition to make this country strong. If you want to live in a strong country, you have to give it chance to be strong. If you just see that you lose the competition to a foreigner and think about your own benefit, this country wont grow to be strong. It may seem unfair to the US citizens who fails in the competition for a moment, but it is good for the whole country, which will be good to them in return eventually. You do have to realize that the foreigners could fail the competition too, and once they fail, they wont have chances to 