Increasing STEM extension why not, its what anyone working on STEM will want. More time to work on my current project and some more money plus it will attract more international students to USA. But when I look at future of international STEM graduates I am not so sure about my decision to enter an endless race because of this messed by immigration system of USA; I would prefer to go to Canada, UK or Australia where I get more stable work permits if I want to work after graduation. Its an endless battle of luck and wait, I graduated with a computers degree and in the last semester took only 1 course to prepare for interviews. Spent almost 8months(2months OPT and 6months last sem) trying to find a job, for a new grad esp international student market is tough. Most of the jobs will not hire freshers for 80K -90K if they are getting experienced professionals for 60K (pool of consultants from vendors like infosys, Accenture). 
USA software industry is driven by innovation and, we have the best developers in the world. Companies will pay you upto 200k if you are a good developer; But now companies hire people based on the length of Visa, if I have only 6months to 1 year of STEM left; most of the companies will not hire me even if I am more qualified than other candidates. If I am owner of a software/Tech company I will do the same; here is why: Every company has its own code base already in place and to understand thousands of line of code it takes minimun 3-6months to fully grasp what is actually happening; how things are running and getting connected. eg. how you use google search engine and yahoo search engine might be same but how they are coded is very different! So, if we reduce OPT period and do not implement this rule; most of the STEM graduates will end up with no jobs in USA. As cost of studying is very high in USA, it will become impossible to pay off student loans and it will be tough to go back to our country and find jobs without experience or training in r