It is unjust, shortsighted and against the interest of American people to deprive international students' legal right to work in US after graduation simply because they are not citizens. In addition, the belief that minimum wages cannot get raised because there are too many international students is also unreasonable and against fact. I am strongly convinced that allowing international students to prosper in the US would bring in far more jobs than the number saved by driving them out. 

Most international students work in scientific and technology, and many of them are among the best in their fields. STEM are fields critical for the US to ace at in order to continue its leadership in the world. Each year, h1b holders pay more than 27%, and often more than 30% of their salary to the federal, and even more to the federal and the state. This money is used in increasing the medical and other welfare of American people. 

International students have nearly nothing to do with the minimum wage. Almost all international students obtain their OPT in order to get an H1B visa, which requires the worker to meet a minimum salary standard that is far higher than the minimum wage level. For example, the minimum hourly pay standard for H1b holder is $24.16 in Albany, NY, and NY state has a minimum wage limit of $9.00. 

On top of this, international students have very little responsibility for the current salary level in software and Internet industry. I am not an economist, but I work in the computer industry. My observation is that the main obstacle of a faster salary rise in this industry is outsourcing, not international students. Programmers who are educated outside America and mostly work outside America earn surprisingly low wages: some earn less than $10,000 per year and they can do the same thing (although usually in lower quality) American programmers do! They are the ones who steal our jobs and bring down our salary. What about international students? If they achieved a