I actively support this new OPT extension rule. I'm an international graduate student from China and will be working in the U.S. soon. It is obvious that the new OPT extension is a win-win rule for the U.S. as well as foreign students.

STEM OPT extension helps to keep U.S. academic sector remain competitive globally. As a master student, I have had offers from U.S., UK and Germany when applying for graduate school. I came to U.S. because I believe it will better prepare me for a professional career in the OPT and the extension period. Though tuition in U.S., especially in private school, is huge amount of money, I still feel it worthwhile if I am able to develop professional skills, and also to have enough time to gain practical experience in the industry because I will have excellent resume to bring back to China. One year experience is not convincing enough for students whod like to show their achievements here to employees in their homeland, and this will deduce the attraction of U.S. academical industry.

12-months seems not enough for foreign students to gain enough work experience. For example, some school doesnt have CPT. And if students want to have an internship to get to know more about the industry, they would have used 3 month on internship. And after that, if they feel really interested in working in the industry in U.S. they would like to seek a full time position. Some companies spend a few month training fresh graduates, so it will only be a few months left for foreign students to contribute professional skills to the company, which is less worthwhile for the company. 

In addition, I believe U.S. employers will benefit from the knowledge, not only professional skills, but also customs and languages of their own countries from STEM OPT students, and this will give the U.S. a jump on its foreign rivals in getting new products to market fast. For example, the Uber China Growth team and TripAdvisor China team will surely need to know more about local m