I am a 2nd year master international student with concentration of Computer Engineering. I am currently enrolled in one of United State's universities and will be graduating at the end of this year. 

In my opinion, STEM extension programs which is going to expand the time period from 17 months to 24 months is a pretty useful and advisable regulations not only for those international students, but also for the whole United States's citizens and its nationwide industry.

As many people who have experience of either academic or industrial tech-programs might know, most of the projects must take at least 2-3 years to really achieve some essential results. Those international students who get recruited by the companies or participated in research projects in universities really need this regulation to release their concerns about their immigrant issues. In this way, they can just become more motivated and devoted all of themselves to the programs which in turn will lead to faster process of projects and more excellent results. On the other hand, companies also will benefit from opt extension rule, they won't need to hire new people frequently just because of their new international employees are required to go back home since their personal opt expired.

Thus, Opt extension will strongly contribute to the stability and sustainability of all high-tech companies and further this influence to those related industries. High-technology is the core competitiveness of modern countries, including United States. The acceptance of this case will be the key feature to attract those talented and skillful international STEM worker to come to US and contributed to every aspects of the economics of the States. Many American citizens are worried about their job opportunities being defeated by foreigners, however, that's not true in STEM. Almost everyone knows the fact about high-technology companies: people working there are almost Asians, like Chinese and Indians. American citizens se