I strongly support the STEM OPT extension which is necessary to Americas development and economy.

Firstly, international students, especially those majoring in STEM fields, are all talents needed by US companies and markets. These students come from different countries to pursue advanced knowledge and technologies in US, devoting their money and time. So after graduation, they are all talented people who can make contributions to US development. With knowledge and wisdom, they can bring new blood to companies, thus creating great value. This is how United States of America was created, different people from different places, all working together to make America better and better. However, if there is no policies that allow international students work in US after graduation, they can only go back to their own countries. Therefore, what they have learnt in US--those advanced technologies and all the creative ideas will be only applied to other countries but US. If things go this way, US will lose lots of talents and then be less and less competitive in global markets.

In addition, this proposed rule will not harm the interests of American workers, but will benefit them to a certain extent. There is no obvious conflict for STEM students and American workers finding jobs since they have different qualifications. As for companies, the reason they would like to hire an international student would only be that he/she is qualified for the position, while other local people are not. It is the common rule of market, but not caused by international students. Furthermore, with the contributions of international students, the economy of America can continue to prosper, which will create new jobs for American workers. And many international students can establish own companies and hire American workers. All of these will enhance the employment rate and raise wage level, benefiting the public.

And lastly, STEM OPT extension is not equal to immigration since there are still lots