As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated with a Master of supply chain management. I now work in a fortune 500 company and serve as an important role in its recent transformation. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. 

I was exciting to see the proposed rule for re-instituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

The proposal to re-institute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. This experiential learning will allow me to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in a professional setting. STEM graduates like me should be given more opportunity to gain valuable applied experience and make connections in professional fields they are considering for career paths. The additional OPT time will provide me with more broad exposure to industries and organizations to aid in personally developing and exploring career possibilities as well as creating a professional network. I can't say how much I have changed and improved during my 1 year professional career. I traveled to Switzerland for our EME region meeting, met my co-workers from different part of the world; I wouldn't say I am 100% transformed to a professional now but this 12 months experience really kicks off my career. I do believe that these benefits also will encourage future international students to join STEM programs in the U.S. and allow U.S. companies to remain competitive globally. 

The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Employers 

Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest strategies and techniques in the field. Expa