I support the proposal and I have following reasons:

1. Many people who achieved great success and made great contributions to America are international students from other countries. For example, in Silicon Valley, there are about 33.2% companies are run by Indians who got their science or engineering degrees in America. And we know Silicon Valley is a powerful engine of innovative IT techniques of America. Because of it, America's technology in computer, IC and many other fields is much more advanced than other countries in the world. Therefore, to give more work and practice chances to international students will keep America more advanced than other countries in the world.

2. More training opportunities will attract more excellent and intelligent young people to America. Different from some countries in Europe which even do not provide work or training opportunities for foreigners, America is famous of its opening and generosity to people from all over the world. In China, a survey shows that in the year 2015, more than 75% high school students prefer to study in America if they have the chance to study aboard. And among the students who graduated from science and engineering majors of the Top 10's universities in China in 2015, about 40% of them will study aboard, and within these students, 92% are pursuing or have already got offers from American universities. So more genius young people are hoping to come to America, and the government should give more chances to them. They will make great contribution to the nation.

3. An extended training period will not influence American citizens' rights and benefit. Surely, more job seekers will bring about more competition, but American citizens actually can get more benefits than do by international students in school. For instance, many scholarships in universities are limited to US citizens. And American students and international students are receiving the same education in the university. So American students sh