I SUPPORT the new 24-month OPT extension proposal for STEM F-1 students. It is short-sighted, unwise and against American people's interests to reject international students' rights to work in the US. 

First, the STEM graduates have invested huge amounts of money and time during their study in American universities. Having a decent degree from American top universities, they deserve a job in the country. According to the news in NY Times, "by the reckoning of the Institute of International Education, foreign students in the United States contribute about $21 billion a year to the national economy" (http://www.nytimes.com/2012/02/05/education/international-students-pay-top-dollar-at-us-colleges.html?_r=0). The US universities need international students to balance their budget. If the proposal is rejected, the attraction for international students, who value the great opportunities that the American companies can provide, will surely decline and the universities won't have enough money to improve their education for American students.

On top of that, international STEM graduates boost the technological and scientific fields in the US. According to a survey conducted by the National Venture Capital Association, 40% of immigrant entrepreneurs in recent venture-funded companies first entered the country as international students. If these students can't work in the US and be sent back to their home countries, they will become strong competitors to the American companies in the future.

Finally, some are against the proposal simply since they believe that the minimum wages don't get raised simply because there are too many international graduates. This belief is against the fact. International students have nearly nothing to do with the minimum wage. Almost all the international students in an OPT are trying to get an H1-b, which requires the worker to meet a minimum salary standard that is far higher than the minimum wage level. For example, the minimum hourly pay sta