I strongly support this new OPT extension rule!
I am running a small start-up about e-commerce data processing and analysis. I must say 2 years OPT extension could provide a lot of benefit for my business.

It is very difficult to find people who have knowledge about machine leaning, or natural language processing or have an equivalent understanding of computer science as those who have Masters degrees of it. Most of these talents are hired by big corporations. We could not find enough people. In this situation, International students with higher education is a very important talent resource for our business and this is a win-win situation:

1, They have deep understanding about this field. They could learn very fast once we provide provide mentoring and training. 

2, One-year OPT is too short for training and talent development. Most of the software project last longer than one year. So three years OPT is way batter that that. 

3, Those international students could help us expand oversea business in a later stage. After their three years OPT, we could send them to Europe, India or China to run new oversea branches. They know local languages and culture and they are highly educated. Once they gained enough knowledge about our business, they are perfect candidate for us to grow our business overseas. If there is just one-year OPT, its apparently not enough for them to gain that much real world experiences.

4, Those students will also be benefit from the training. So more talented students will choose to come to the US.

I must say that science and technology is the fundamental thing for American economy. This is how the US lead the world. Think about Google, Apple, SpaceX, Tesla and all the others. Can you imagine that one day the Americans need to buy technology from China, India or Russia? And whats the key for science and technology development? It is people, highly educated talented people! If I could, I would gather the top 10% of people in any area, make the