Long version - my story, if you want to read about it:

I came to the US after high school to attend University of Pennsylvania in 2011, leaving my hometown Guangzhou, China, where I was born and raised. After graduating in May 2015 with double majors in Computer Science and PPE (Philosophy, Politics and Economics), I started working for Electronic Arts in Redwood City on their Corporate Strategy team. Currently on OPT from my F1 student visa from Penn, I will be applying for H1B in 2016. Without the OPT extension program, I will have only one chance to pass H1B lottery, which means I'll very likely lose my job and have to leave this country.

A top performer in my class for my entire academic career, I've always been pushing myself to see a bigger world, to learn more intellectually, to pursue my passion, and to live to the fullest of my potentials. This drive for excellency and creativity has taken me from China to a top US university and now to Silicon Valley, the high-tech center of the world. I know that I love the intersection between business, tech and liberal arts, and I love games as a form of art. Working on the business side of EA is an ideal job for me, and I feel genuinely happy every day knowing that I'm working on something that I enjoy and is bringing happiness to tens of millions of people. I can't wait to put what I learned into more awesome work and build up my life and my career here in California step by step.

But now this dream seems rather distant with the uncertainty of H1B lottery and the lack of OPT extension.
When I was a freshman in college and wasn't bothered by these visa hurdles ahead, I thought my life was full of possibilities. Yet I gradually learned about how much hassle I need to go through to work as an international student, both from my friends' experiences and from my own. Job hunting was tough for me, with many companies rejecting applicants upfront if they realize the student will be on OPT (aka very likely to be forced to 