October, 27 2015
To Whom It May Concern

I would like to take this opportunity to thank Department of Homeland Security for saving the OPT STEM program. Being a STEM student from an accredited US university, I'm in favor of the proposed rule for following reasons. 

1) Expanding OPT upto 3 years in the new proposed rule not only gives a training benefit to the students but also provides a good number of home grown STEM workers to US employers. These employers will not only benefit from the expertise gained by these students in US universities but also by a student's insight into their respective home/foreign markets and thus benefitting the US employer. 

2) I have read and heard a lot of arguments where it is often stated that OPT STEM workers are a source for "cheap labor". So far whatever I've seen from my employment experience is not all US employers hire foreign workers its only a handful of them. Those who employ foreign workers like me offer competitive compensation, which of course is decided by education level as well as professional experience. All of my ex employers have offered me the market rate as they would have offered to an American worker. Moreover, I was told they would sponsor H-1B which adds on to their expenses. I can be sure about this as I had the opportunity to be involved in one of my ex employers budgeting session where a budget was set aside for a role irrespective of the nationality of the worker.

3) As a part of Software Industry I have seen how my previous employers have struggled to find STEM workers to backfill positions. It can take upto several weeks or several months. This proposed rule would definitely increase the available STEM pool making it easy for US employers.

4) As numerous F-1 students have huge student loans back in their home countries; this program gives the student a chance to take care of their financial responsibilities while contributing to the US economy.

5) This proposed rule also re-instates CAP GAP relief w