I strongly support this rule for the following reasons.

Firstly, it is the rule initiated from the first day of the establishment of United States that everyone have equal chance, and talented students who come to US to study deserved longer years to practice on their professional technical fields.
Secondly, the longer time for OPT will attract more talent international student to come to study in US, and in this case, US universities will benefit a lot from the high costing tuitions, and more researching budget and school improving budget will come from this stable income source. So this will give positive impact on US high education institutes and university research areas.

Thirdly, without this rule, the 1-year OPT can only guarantee students to work for US companies for one year. Companies usually spend a few months in train a new employee and have to find a replacement in year. So that is the extra cost and a big problem for most companies human resources. With this rule, companies can hire F-1 students for up to 3 years which will surely benefit a lot for most companies.

Fourthly, IT companies and other STEM-major related companies have contributed a lot for American government revenue. Not everyone but the talented international student can bear the brain-bursting jobs and I also don't see American have any advantages on Math than talented students from Asian countries. Well In this case, if all these talents cannot work in US, some of the IT companies will move out of United States, because they want to hire more talents in IT fields. This would be a big loss for the whole country.

Lastly and the most importantly, right now the China and India is growing fast and if we cannot attract talent people to come, these talent students around 20-25 years get back to their countries and would be a leading arm force in IT, Finance or other Technology fields in the next two decades , and US would lost the advantages in brilliant employees around the world. On the c