This is in regard to the DHS proposed rule to expand the Optional Practical Training (OPT) program, which gives employers financial incentives to hire foreign students over Americans. A Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for Immigration Studies revealed two shocking takeaways about the OPT program that DHS proposes to expand: (1) OPT denied American workers about 450,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and (2) OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds to "fund itself."

The original purpose of OPT was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned. But today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the numerical H-1B cap. I.e., DHS's currently proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program. There are approximately 570,000 F-1 students in the U.S. in addition to about 100,000 in 12-month OPT programs and 30,000 in 29-month OPT programs. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of foreign workers undermines job opportunities for American STEM workers looking for work. OPT participants are sought after by employers because they tend to be younger (much cheaper) than their American counterparts. Employers save 7.65 percent of payroll when they hire foreign students instead of U.S. workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60,000-$90,000 a year range, but they cost Social Security about $1 billion dollars a year in lost FICA and Medicare taxes.

By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 years - the same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be valid - there is little doubt that the federal Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent behind H-1B law. There is also a major national security p