As a graduating foreign STEM student, I definitely SUPPORT this proposal. 

I support this because it is beneficial to me as well as many other foreign STEM students. Having longer OPT time means having more practical working experience which is good for a student to pursue his/her career. 

This is good for our foreign students, but I have to point out that foreign students is not the only party that benefits from this rule. Extending OPT time can enable more fresh graduates with sharp skill to work for US companies for a longer time, making increasing contributions to science, technology and economy of USA. Also, when those students finish their OPT, their will go back to their home countries with cutting-edge experience and make contribution to their home countries. Expanding OPT can have a global benefit. 

However, many citizens are more concerned about the potential negative impact on the labor market. Someone complains that some employer are more likely to hire foreign OPT students than citizens since OPT students are paid lower, and draws the conclusion that OPT should be cancelled. This fact is disturbing but this could not be the reason for opposing OPT. 

There is actually a misunderstanding of the OPT program. The OPT program is intended for attracting more qualified foreign students to work for US companies. It is not for helping IT companies to reduce their expense. It is those companies who is abusing the rule. There is not a single regulation in OPT program that encourages a company to pay lower for OPT employees. On the contrary, there ARE many rules intended for ensuring OPT employees are fairly paid in this OPT proposal in order to fix the problem. 

It is not fair to deny the whole program with such benefits just because it has some loophole. What we really need to do is to urge the government to set up more effective rules to guarantee that OPT employees are fairly paid, which is good for both foreign students and citizen workers. 

Also, there 