I strongly support the proposal and it is extremely important to ensure the skilled foreign students to work for extended period of time in USA.

First of all, the students with STEM degrees have enough skills to make contributions to the country. A typical claim made by American citizens who are against this proposal is that by approving this proposal foreigners will take away lots of their jobs. This may seem true superficially but the claim is obviously flawed. On the one hand, most of the students having STEM degrees will look for the jobs that need more job applicants. On the other hand, employees of those positions tend to look for locals in the first place since there will be less communication as well as immigration status issues.

Moreover, even assuming the employees are hiring more international students due to their higher proficiency, thus limiting the positions offered to locals. It is still not acceptable to reject this proposal. Limiting job opportunities for international students is just like forbidding foreign companies to enter the local market. It will definitely lead to lower competition, and therefore the development of the industries needing STEM students will be easily slowered and prohibited. Hence, it is crucial to establish fair competitions students. Local or international students, they will both make valuable contributions to the American society and thus bolster the competitiveness of America in the global stage.

Finally, the US government should be open to skilled potential immigrants. As the biggest immigrant country in the world, the development American in recent centuries is made possible greatly by immigrants. As the world keeps growing indefinitely, the US government should never impose strict laws upon those who work hard wanting to live a better life in a better country. Different people bring different cultures and knowledges to the country. And the advanced American education system enables those people to gain future know