Please let me comment on Helen's comments. Her accusation of OPT students don't have solid ground.

1. OPT has already given 433,000 jobs to foreign student/workers, while leaving American workers looking for jobs. Under the
proposed rules, more than 270,000 students will qualify = 700,000.

My response: OPT, and for this ruling, the STEM OPT students are mainly looking for jobs in high tech industry. As far as I know, the U.S. employers in this field are struggling to find qualified American employees. The jobless americans are not looking for STEM jobs. They need manufacturing jobs, waitress, cashiers, sales, etc., which STEM OPT students are not allowed to work in. 

2. THE OPT PROPOSAL DOES NOT GIVE PRIORITY TO AMERICAN STUDENTS. We are promoting STEM studies in our
schools and colleges, only for our students to be pushed out of tech fields by employers who favor foreign student/workers.

The OPT Regulations DO NOT specify unusually bright foreign students/workers . Just any foreign student/worker is eligible
for any of our schools, K - graduate school.

My response: Logically, when two equally good candidates, one American, one foreign student, why would a U.S. company want to hire a foreign student over an american student? Because they don't love their own country?

3. The OPT program is actually an EMPLOYMENT PROGRAM !!!!!!!!!! The program allows a foreign student to change to an
H-1B visa, whether he/she has a degree or experience. Therefore, the student is eligible to replace an American worker.
US STUDENTS ARE EXCLUDED FROM THIS PRIVILEGED PROGRAM.

My response: think it this way, the OPT students are help U.S. economy by filling those positions where employers can't find american to fill in. OPT students are not replacing american workers, but supplementing the vacancies left by american workers. 

3. The OPT program is an economic advantage to employers and foreign students only. Bonuses of $10,000 to $12,000 will be paid to the employers for hiring for