Immigrants do more good than harm when they enter a country's job market. I fully support the policy.

Caglar Ozden, a lead economist in the World Bank's Development Research Group published a research in march 2015, which states that immigrants actually bring more benefits, especially for the developed country as United States, after years' of research. He found that people consider immigration the most important challenge their countries currently face and blame migrants for dealing wages and high unemployment, but through research, it shows that the wage impact of immigration is clearly minimal (only 0.6% for U.S. natives during 1990-2006). 

Immigrants also create lots of jobs in the U.S. According to Caglar, Ozden, the public perception of the job-killing effects of migration is strong because job losses are visible to all, especially to those directly affected. Job-creating effects are less transparent so that the U.S. citizens couldn't see the immigrants' contribution to the job market. The STEM immigrants contributed a lot to the technology development of the U.S., lead to the increase of economic growth and prosperity, which will inspire firms to expand and hire more workers. In this way, thousands of jobs are created in the market. 

In addition, most of the immigrants in the U.S. are well educated and high skilled. The data shows that the immigrants in the United States are more educated and account for 70 percent of tertiary educated migrants in OECD countries ). The research also finds that there are the occupations in which native workers seem to be in short supply. For example, the U.S. are in urgent need of more engineers. The immigrants in STEM fields are contributing a lot to the technological development of the U.S. For instance, big high-tech firms such as Google and Amazon benefit a lot from the foreign labor force. Immigrants indeed complement the U.S. labor market and native workers' skills. 

Last but not the least, the STEM foreign workers a