Please eliminate this program entirely. This program creates indentured servants that drive wages down for American citizens and destroys working conditions for all people in America with a job.

Indentured servants are individuals that do not have full rights, full protections, or capability to switch jobs as compared to US citizens/green card holders. These indentured servants work at low rates, more than 40 hours per week, but only bill for 40 and take a ton of abuse from the hiring managers. Having more than one class of employee in America hurts Americas and those American owned businesses who are more concerned with employing Americans than lowering costs by using non-American employees.

This program has similar negative effects as the horrible H1b program. Indian owned companies have repeatedly sent me emails regarding open positions that specify that any candidates that I send them have to be H1b, and sometimes require only candidates on this program. I can forward these emails to you. This is unfair to every American, but mostly to the historically disadvantaged minorities in American as the hiring company can claim to have hired a "minority" for this position by hiring a non-American. This program and the H1b program hurt African Americans the most!

This program is actually worse than the H1b program. There are zero salary protections for people on this program, so the staffing industry can and do fully abuse them.

Why are non-Americans even allowed to comment on this legislation? Aren't the laws and programs in America supposed to benefit Americans? Do we make laws that determine which part of America to give away to other countries? Is that who we are?

I have personally hired five underemployed or unemployed Americans of various races and trained them to start their IT professional career. Without the eradication of these programs, I will be unable to do this in the future as my cost to do this is the same or more than the total cost for my clients t