How can American STEM workers be protected if no foreign students are similarly situated? The definition of similarly situated ensures that no foreign students meet the criteria. If all foreign students meet STEM OPT requirements, they can be hired to replace American workers without any employer liability. Therefore, in reality no American STEM workers are protected by this regulation.

Why does the Regulation rely on just a word description of similarly situated as the key means for protecting American workers? Given the need to really protect our workers a list of examples is needed to provide a uniform understanding of the term. DHS should be charged with developing and maintaining this list subject to the oversight and approval of a qualified third party such as the Department of Labor. Additions to the initial list must come from actual experience over time with the STEM OPT program. Each example should be rated on a credibility scale for accuracy and relevance and this rating updated every year.

The Regulation allows an employer to use other means than their actual pay scales to show how and what they value as competent work. Instead, they may use local associations, or national and local wage surveys to set compensation for their STEM OPT foreign students. 

The Regulation leaves it to the employer to incorporate a formal mentoring and training program for STEM OPT foreign students. What is the incentive for any business to take on a mentoring and training program? What objectives are to be met, and how is effective training to be completed and reported?

The Regulation lacks details on how to require the employer to report and prove that it is not replacing U.S. STEM workers with STEM OPT foreign students. Instead, the Regulation leaves it to the employer. How can DHS have a uniform means to administer and met goals and objectives for STEM OPT? If compliance can not be measured, then how can the employer be liable for violations?

STEM OPT foreign students