First of all, I strongly support this rule. As a OPT Extension EAD card holder, I know what it means if my OPT is going to be revoked in Feb, 2016. As you can see, the H1B VISA is becoming harder and harder to win the draw and this rule for OPT Extension will give us more chance to try to get H1B VISA. I heard that some people are worried about if we international students are taking over the job opportunities. I don't think that is true because we are highly educated and as far as I know, most of international students who can find jobs, they are very talent and intelligent and hardworking. The more educated people work for US, the better economy US will gain. We all say that everyone is equal and free in US, so this rule only provides an equal opportunity for us to compete with others. It's not like this rule is providing every international student a job. It still all depends on each individual's ability to get a job. If you cannot get a job, even if OPT Extension is set to be 10 years, it still means nothing.

For myself, I cannot work anymore if the current OPT Extension expires in Feb, 2016. However, I talked to my company and they are very worried because it is not easy for them to hire another engineer to replace me because I have my master's and experience. Also, the place I'm working is a very small town. Not many young people will want to come and live here. Also, I've got my both bachelor's and master's in the US, I have gotten used to work with the US engineering system. It doesn't make sense to send me back to my home country and I need start over and learn everything again, which means I will use all the knowledge I've learned to strengthen my country so it can defeat the US? Therefore, if this rule cannot be approved. It's hurting me, my company as well as the US, very badly. Just think about how many contributions the international students are making for the United States, and you won't be even willing to give us a little more time to deal with the