I strongly support OPT STEM extension.

First, it is the key to the success of our country, the United States. We are providing the best higher education to the best of the best students all over the world. It does not make any sense if we just let them leave the US, return to their original country, and contribute with all they've learned in the US. Why the US is the strongest country in the world? Because we have the best people - the best scientists, the best engineers, and the best scholars. A large part of the most successful figures in science and industry in the US are originally international students. They received the best education, and then start to contribute to this country, using the OPT and OPT STEM extension opportunities. Without these wonderful opportunities, they would have returned to their own country, start their business, lead their research, serve for their military forces, and help their own country to surpass the US.

Some people hold the narrow and one-sided opinion that international students are seizing the job opportunities of US native workers. This is very short-sighted, and just, rediculous and selfish. Most of the international students who need OPT STEM extension receive the highest education in the US, and they are seeking opportunities like engineers and scientists. Are we having too many engineers and scientists in the US? No!!! We have too few of them. China, India, Russia and Brazil are spending a huge amount of money to attract the best scientists and engineers to go to their countries; and we, the US, are thinking of expelling them because they are seizing job opportunities of local workers? How many of our local workers are qualified for the top-level scientists and engineers positions that require years of master or even doctoral level training? I don't know the exact number, but I believe 0.01% might be an over-estimate.

Besides, we strongly believe that the OPT STEM extension opportunity will create more job opportunit