This is a great proposal for both Americans and nonimmigrant students. Within this proposal, I can see American Dreams, which is the exact reason why America changes from an uncivilized land to the most prosperous country in the current world. American companies can benefit a lot from this policy, as well as millions of individuals as US citizens. The world can also see the embracing and progressive attitude of American government. Based on all the reasons above, I raise both of my hands up to support this open-minded proposal.

First of all, the reason why America is the dream country for billions of people is that it is a land of equality and opportunities. People were not judged by the color of their skin or the family where they were born. As long as you are an individual with a dream, and are willing to put effort to make it come true, you can get the life you earn and harvest the respect you deserve. Most nonimmigrant students are young people with knowledge and dreams. They come to this very country expecting to get the best knowledge and create a better world using their hands. They would definitely not come to this country if they want to be a parasite and live a good life without paying sweat for it. American people can see this positive attitude and be influenced by it, which makes the entire society better. Don't deprive people of their dreams. If a person has no dream, he has nothing.

Besides, the extension of OPT of nonimmigrant students has way more advantages to American companies and society than disadvantages. STEMs are high-tech majors and the students of these areas can contribute much more than a normal worker. In this information era, any country knows the importance of technology and talent employees. Imagine the outcome of World War 2 if Einstein is in Germany instead of America. Who can say it impossible that the next Einstein is a member of nonimmigrant students? Not only high-tech companies can benefit from this proposal, American individ