I heartly support the ICEB propsed Rule about improving and expanding training opportunities for F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees and CapGap relief for all eligible F-1 students.

F-1 nonimmigrant students need more time of the Optional Practical Training in order to use their excellent abilities to work legally in the USA and pay more taxes to serve lovely American. But a lot of good companies do not give the opportunities to F-1 nonimmigrant students because the short period of Optional Practical Training although F-1 nonimmigrant students might be more competent than other one who gets the job just because they do have enough time can work for that company. As a result, the productivity of those companies should be more if they can hire more F-1 nonimmigrant students with higher technological abilities instead of who can work for them longer than F-1 nonimmigrant students. It is obviously that higher productivity can earn more money for those companies located at the USA then significantly more taxes flood to the USA government to built more qualified life for American. This is an obvious win-win. 

And a lot of F-1 nonimmigrant students who have excellent techniques and abilities have to go back to their homeland because they were not lucky enough to get the H1-B visa because there are a very long waiting list of H1-B applicaiton and lack of opportunities to apply for H1-B visa. Because the short Optional Practical Training time only allows F-1 nonimmigrant students to apply for the H1-B visa once at most twice. And even they lucky enough can get the H1-B visa, there are also a lot limitations about working permission before the eligibility of H1-B visa. Again, F-1 nonimmigrant students in this case need to go back to their homeland until the H1-B visa is eligible. When they try to come back to the USA, they might be refused by the Immigration. And a lot of them lose their job cause the company cannot waiting for them so long. So it is a smart choice 