I totally and strongly SUPPORT the proposal!!! 

First of all, we need to keep our promises as an honest country. The international students who are already here in the STEM program were informed they have a 17-month extension, which is a key reason why they chose US schools over UK schools. If the US can't even keep its promises, it would be a shame and less and less international students will come or contribute to the US. 

Second, it will benefit the US in a long-term. the US is an immigration country, it's famous for its freedom and its "American Dream". International students came with a dream as well. They are smart and hard working. They provide valuable skills to industries in the US. They have scientific and technical skills that some Americans don't have. They work for US firms here so the firms will have high-end techniques to develop new products to benefit the Americans! 

If some Americans think international students are competing with them in getting a job because OPT students get paid cheaper, then they are terribly wrong!!!! First, the pay is the same. They are not workers who compete for a McDonald's job (no offense to McDonald's). They are STEM students who have special and valuable skills!!! Maybe some Americans should also argue that their neighbors shouldn't have too many kids because when they grow up, they will steal jobs, causing more competitions as well!! That's just ridiculous! Competition is not evitable, and that's how a nation evolve as a whole!! Wake up people! Think wisely! The international students are actually doing you a great favor! Some Americans not getting a job has nothing to do with international students. Some jobs do require high skills and some people are just not qualified. The only reason they blame international students is because they want to find an excuse or a scapegoat for their failure---not trying hard enough, not good enough for high-end jobs. 

The longer the OPT is, the more benefit it does to US firms, so