Those people who disagree with the STEM extension are totally innocent. Nowadays more and more talented foreign students are coming here for education. One major reason is the OPT and STEM extension. Because of STEM, the graduates have a extension period to find a job and work for a few years here. They are building their own career experience and making large contributions to the United States. It is beneficial for both the country and the students themselves. But, please don't say that they will be staying here and grab the job opportunities from the citizens here. I believe from the industry companies, they are creating more jobs, making more money for their employers. And as far as I know, most of the students won't stay here for long. They are willing to go back to their home country after STEM. They were just building their practice here. But the benefit from STEM to this country is huge. They bring the capital from other country here when they start landing here. They spend lots of money in this land, from buying cars, paying tuition to spending the living expenses. They are increasing the wealth for the whole country and every body living in this country. If you want to know how much money that the foreign students have spent here, please go search the statistics in Google. Without STEM, many students will not consider having education in United States. This would be a huge loss to this country. Only the idiots would be willing to lose those money. 
People say the foreign students are stealing away jobs because they are paid cheap. This totally doesn't make any sense. We all know that the more developed an area is, the more competition the area would have. It is the competition that makes the country strong. It is neither laziness nor fear of competition that make you strong. Excellent people are elected to take the responsibilities to do hard jobs that few people are able to do. Then they increases the productivity and create jobs for others. If you don't b