While I have always been quietly opposed to this OPT program, this year in particular it hits so close to home that I must comment. My son will be completing and graduating from college this year with a Bachelor's Degree in a Technical field. His particular degree is in Architecture which is a very difficult field in which to obtain work. This I know first hand as I graduated from college after studying in the same field 34 years ago. Roughly, 20% of graduates find permanent positions in Architectural firms, with the remainder finding only temporary work, or finding in work in an unrelated field. This OTP program makes it that much more difficult for American graduates to find gainful employment in their chosen fields. When will you, our elected officials, and those of you who work for American taxpayers start standing up for citizens instead of trying to bring more and more, unneeded foreigners into this country, in effect stealing jobs from citizens? It is not fair, it is not right, and not a single one of you who support this practice deserve the jobs you currently have. Would you still support this program if it were your job that was going to be filled, leaving you unemployed? The Disney scandal brought to light exactly what can come of this program. Thise employees that were displaced have still not been given their jobs back, or been able to find work elsewhere. This program has never been approved by Congress and basically provides an avenue for F-1 Visa holders to renege on their agreements (as I understand it, F-1 Visa holders are NOT allowed to hold a job here in the US, and promise to LEAVE the country within 60 days of completing their coursework. The Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule to expand the Optional Practical Training program amounts to corporate welfare. The proposed rule would extend the amount of time a foreign student can work in the United States from one year to three years. It artificially expands the pool of available worke