I SUPPORT the OPT-extension!!!

Foreign workers are SUBSTANTIAL work force and contributors to US economy growth. Over the years, US economy growth has been heavily relying on innovations from tech companies from the Silicon Valley in California to the Triangle Research Park in North Carolina, on sturdy developments of industrial systems from North Dakota to Texas, and on all kinds of achievements made by jobs that involve in every profession in the country. US economy would not recover from the 2008 crisis if there were no such contributions from the tech people, especially the FOREIGN tech people!

The opinions claiming the OPT-extension jeopardizes citizens' right and interest for non-citizens are simply RIDICULOUS. Both citizens and non-citizens work in this country to PROPEL the US economy growth. Without policies like OPT-extension, this country will LOSE her foreign workforce and the beneficial economic growth such workforce used to supply. It would just be a matter of time before the US economy stagnates, people lose jobs, and social problems arise. At that time, US will become another mundane country where miracles no longer happen.

As someone experienced in the renewable energy industry, I can tell you with my reputation that the renewable energy industry can never hire enough talents these days. Go ask the hiring managers and recruiters, they will tell you the same. Yes, US probably has a lot of STEM people, but it simply does not have enough STEM talents. Employers are smart and can distinguish between normal people and talents. This country needs the talents from foreign workers to keep machines running well, and running better than the rest of the world.

I am convinced that American people are wise enough not to harm our long-term benefits by irrational fear and temporary, illusive satisfactions. International students are helping America grow, and are improving the welfare of American people. Losing them, on the other hand, will benefit our competit