As an international student, I completed my STEM degree in UC Santa Barbara and graduated in June 2014, with a master's degree in Computer Science and high GPA. I have been working since then in Yahoo as a software engineer on OPT/OPT STEM. To be honest I was really sad at first seeing the recent court ruling, which would terminate OPT STEM program if a new rule could not be established in place before the designated date in February 2016. I will have to leave the United States by then as the next H-1B filing will not happen until April 2016. It was hard for me to accept since I have been doing really well in Yahoo since the beginning of my career and have always been a top performer/contributor. This is also too soon to terminate my OPT training as I still have a lot to learn and convert what I have learned in my graduate program into my job. Therefore I am really glad to see that a new rule is proposed in such a short notice, and I wholeheartedly support this rule and honestly believe that this rule will bring benefits to STEM students as well as the U.S. economy.

1. The OPT STEM Rule Benefits both STEM Students and the U.S. Economy

To be honest, I think the OPT/OPT STEM rule are the leading reasons that so many international students choose to pursue their education in the U.S. This rule allows students to apply what they have learned in practice/industry, which really helps students to get the gist of how things works in real life and how they can contribute to the society with their expertise. This way, international students will be able to use their talents to help U.S. companies grow and thrive. As I know, most international students, especially students from China are the best of the best, and I believe that they will make great contribution to the nation through the OPT/OPT STEM program. Without OPT/OPT STEM program, most international students would have to leave the country after they graduate, and what they have learned in the U.S. may not comply with