Yes, the OPT STEM extension is crucial to show the power of USA as an immigrant driven country. Majority of OPT STEM students are the elite of their own country and show superior excellence in leadership and professional skills. That's the reason they win more and more job opportunities after graduation from USA accredited universities. USA companies need such talented students. 

I think as one of the most powerful countries in the world, USA should take the responsibility to educate and train talented young professionals to build a better world. OPT STEM extension provide an excellent opportunity to fulfill such a goal. Students from STEM need 24 months extension to have decent length of training in their field in order to consummate their college education which is a promise to the better future. 

Meanwhile, diversity nurtures innovation, fosters creativity. Bringing more talented STEM students to USA companies will greatly diversify the work force and benefit both the company and the people from this mix of culture and perspectives. When STEM students go back to their countries the training here will help to build a very firm and lasting cooperation and friendship between USA and the rest of the world. 

Moreover, competition is the soul of free market. Human dominates the world today as a result of winning natural selections which is a cruel competition process. Great leaders help us go through tough times after fierce competition in the campaign. Competition shows the path to an active and growing society. Allowing talented STEM students to join the workforce during the 24 months extension will definitely put pressure on American people. But such pressure is necessary to further grow and improve the competitiveness of USA workforce as to meet the demand of a better world. 

It is my honor to give this short comment to support USA government making such a bright and wise proposal to increase the OPT STEM extension to 24 months. I hope the proposal would prevai