Michael broderius 1."
The Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule to expand the Optional Practical Training program amounts to corporate welfare. The proposed rule would extend the amount of time a foreign student can work in the United States from one year to three years. It artificially expands the pool of available workers, allowing employers to depress wages and avoid paying their share of payroll taxes by hiring foreign workers instead of American workers. This rule lines the pockets of greedy business owners at the expense of American workers.

2."
The proposed rule from the Department of Homeland Security to expand the Optional Practical Training program would be a detriment to American tech workers, especially recent college graduates. The program would allow U.S. companies to hire foreign citizens who have been pursuing a degree for at least nine months in the U.S., artificially expanding the pool of available workers for jobs particularly in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields. As a result, this would put downward pressure on wages for all tech workers. Furthermore, the program actually incentivizes employers to hire foreign students because they don't have to pay the employer portion of payroll taxes or a prevailing wage. Immigration policy should serve in the interests of American workers, not against it.

3."
The Optional Practical Training program allows U.S. employers to hire foreign students for up to 1 year or up to 29 months in certain fields of study. The program was meant to provide foreign students with on-the-job training that would benefit them when they return to their home countries. Instead, this proposed rule, which will extend the program for STEM students to 36 months, would create a bridge to a longer-term work visa and eventual green card. This is a direct violation of the foreign student's pledge when they received their student visa to leave the country upon graduation. It's hard enough already for American workers, especially recent U.S. graduates, to find work, and this rule would make it even more difficult by adding unnecessary job competition to the mix.

4."
I oppose the Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule that would expand the Optional Practical Training program. This expansion would allow U.S. tech companies to hire foreign students for up to 3 years and avoid paying their share of payroll taxes, equivalent to 7.65% of the employee's pay. Not only does this program create an incentive for these companies to hire foreign students over qualified Americans, but it also could violate the foreign student's pledge when they received their F-1 visa to leave the country after completing their degree. With recent college graduates struggling to find work, this is not the time to provide companies with an incentive to hire foreign citizens over U.S. citizens

