I support this rule. As an international student, I believe this rule will be a win-win for both America and international students. I would argue that it benefits America even more.

When I graduate from college, one critical reason for me to choose applying for graduate school in the United States over other countries is that I would get hands-on experience by working here after graduation thanks to the OPT rule. As a student with electrical engineering major, I got 29 months in total with the previous OPT extension rule. In this case, I would gain real experience before I go back to my country and have a more advanced start point for my career. With the new rule expanding OPT extension from 17 months to 24 months, I have no doubt that universities here will attract more international students as they did when the 2008 rule came out. More applicants to American schools means more academic achievements as well as more tuition, living expense and tax paid to both those schools and Americans.

According to U.S. News, 50,000 foreign-born STEM workers may be forced home if the previous rules are revoked and no new rule is made. I cannot imagine what those foreign students or workers may feel about this unexpected change as the return to their hard work. Coming home with one-year experience will probably not help a lot in their career, compared to their investment in time and money they made when they decided to come to this country with hope and dream.

I am working in an American tech company, along with a huge amount of international workers. One of the biggest current strategy of my company is to expand our business to other countries. The internationalization and localization are both crucial part of our product for our products. The benefit for our company to recruit so many foreign workers here is obvious because years of experience living in those countries give us much deeper understanding of the needs of those users than even millions of dollars of user experi