The 24-month extension period would be an effective relief for US economy, and would help US sustain the leadership in science and technology in general. I support the proposal. 

This is especially true for cases considering PhD level students. After the economic crisis, fundings for scientific research has been sliding rapidly in US. Taking NIH for example, now it only provides around 15% in value of what it used to support. And the number has only been decreasing. Meanwhile, the cost of training a PhD student has never gone done at all, if not increasing. However PhD level students are invaluable resource pushing forward US economy. They hold techniques, they have ideas in mind. Like, many biotech companies and computer science companies rely heavily on these smart people. 

Nevertheless, thanks to the cut of fundings in the past. There has already accumulated huge pressure on professors in college. Nowadays, they can barely support PhD student and Postdoc to run the labs. And they have to spend time teaching, writing fundings, grant renewals, managing broken instruments in facilities, etc.

And luckily, there are international students. These people work very hard, and devote a lot for exploring new knowledges. If there is no such extension, that can discourage a lot students. US would surely experience a shock wave of deficiency for PhD students. And US may loose to european colleagues, who are catching up, even surpassing US these days. Professors in US are already under a lot pressure. If one make the condition even worse, that just don't make any sense. What's more, if the students are forced to go back to their home countries, they have the technology, and they can perform well on these jobs in those places also. Temporally, if international students are forced to where they came from, that may ease the job searching for some US citizens. But in the long run, US will feel the competition from oversea, and that can be even harsher.

The extension will be a g