I actively support this new OPT extension rule. I'm an international graduate student from China and working at a U.S company. It is obvious that the new OPT extension is a win-win rule for the U.S. as well as foreign students.

About 4 years ago, when I first thought about going abroad to pursuing a more advanced degree, I considered to go Hong Kong, Europe, Canada or USA. There are too many options, but finally I made my decision to come here is mainly because of the opportunity of practice. Compared to other places, American, as an immigration nation and the biggest economic body, provides the most attractive working experience. So extending STEM OPT to 24 months will attract more and more international students. I seriously considered the opportunity offered by STEM OPT extension when I made my decision whether to pursue my degree in the United States.

During the past two and half years I've been here, I've already spent over $100K for tuition, rent, shopping, traveling, etc. And I also invited my parents and friends to come for traveling. There is no doubts that we have helped the whole country's economic situations. Nobody will deny that. if that is not true, why almost all of the universities want to involve more and more international students? Because they made a lots of money from our spending. No one could deny the economic increase we brought to the local development. If there is no OPT extension, there will be less and less international students, which would be a great pain for the whole nation.

Currently I'm working at a consulting company and doing a project with a top pharm company, helping them to increase the efficiency of operations. This project will last for 2 years at least. If my opt expires on next Feb, it would bring a lot of pain no matter to myself, my company, or my clients. And there are lots of my colleges also working under OPT. if all of our OPT expire on next Feb, my company will lose the trust from our clients, the business would