As an international student, the OPT extension is one of the most important reason that I choose to study in the U.S. 

I used to study in the UK, but I left there before going to the U.S. When I was in the UK, I did enjoy the study and life there, but the most important thing stop me going there is that I cannot have a chance working after study like OPT extension. So after my undergraduate study, I decided to go to somewhere else. As part of my career plan, I wish I could work straightly after my graduation without worrying about my visa. After knowing about OPT extension rules in the U.S, I told myself that this is great for me. I do not have to apply for the visa before I can apply for a job. OPT helps me finding a jog here. 

Unlike in the UK, most of the companies requiring applicants have a visa before they can apply for the job, meanwhile, you need a company to help you apply for the visa as well, that is ridiculous but actually happening over there. Moreover, this is the main reason a large number of graduate student can not stay in the UK but forced back to their homeland or other countries when they are looking for a job. Due to this, there are less students now considering UK as their destination of undergraduate study or graduate study. They wish to go to somewhere that is more student-friendly country. As for me, the U.S. with OPT extension is the one for me. I am pretty sure that this new rule about OPT extension will be the crucial point to millions of foreign students. If the OPT extension is cancelled and not benefitting foreign students, I can foresee what is happening in the UK will be happening in the U.S, students will choose to go to Australia or Canada, they also have good universities, good programs, but most important, foreigners-friendly. 

Losing attraction to a large of foreign students will apparently lead to large number decreasing in the enroll students, therefore will surely be a issue for universities: slow down the research country