
At first I want to give thanks to DHS for their good efforts about OPT 
extension rules.It is great news for F1 non immigrant STEM students that 
they will get 24 months OPT extension period apart from default 12 months 
OPT period. No doubt about this, if this proposal finally passed smoothly 
then both STEM students and US will be really benefited from this OPT rules.
DHS have done really good work within this short period of time.

But I want to highlight few points about this proposal where DHS should 
rethink to change little bit of proposal rules in few areas before prepare 
a final rule to give a real sense of F1 OPT extension rules both for 
STEM/NON-STEM catagory students to overcome the current H1B quota limitation 
problem.

1. I think that as per current OPT extension proposal, DHS intension is to 
keep details track record about employees, employers and US university's, 
so DHS can able to monitor every process in right track or not. But it 
may be created a complexity to maintain the document from vice-versa. 
So I am requesting to DHS, please try to find out easy documentation methods 
which can be reduced the documentation over burden process for related 
concerned sectors.

2. Secondly my view is that current DHS OPT extension proposal have one
sided means they have extend 24 months OPT period only for STEM category.
It is no doubt that US need STEM people due to shortage of STEM manpower.
But non immigrant NON-STEM master degree holder like MBA want to contribute
their experience with vast experience after MBA to improve US economy
and revenue and also start their business in USA. But they only get 12 months 
OPT period after MBA which is really very shortage time to get H1B visa due to 
unexpected smaller number of H1B quota as per current
manpower demand due to improvement of US economy. I know one person after
completed MBA from US university, now he have started business in Canada,
because he was unfortunate guy not able to pick up H1B visa du