absolutely SUPPORT this proposed rule. And here are my reasons:

1. OPT students will benefit from this. With extended time OPT student can gain more experience in the related field. And they will have a better chance to build a better career which will impact their entire life. And this will, in the long run, benefit their family, their children and their country. With the time extended they will also have more time to think about the next step, either continue in the industry or pursue a higher degree.

2. OPT students make great contribution to the goverment, their company and even more. I work as a engineer in a tech company. Our team has a total of 7 people and 5 of them are either currently working using their OPT extention or uesed to be working under OPT. They contributes to 70% of the human resources in our team. And each year they can contribute up to 30% of their input to the federal as tax. From our company's perspective without OPT we would spent more time and money trying to recruit qulified employee from our sources or we would end up not having enough skilled engineers to power the whole comany. This great loss for the company means great loss for the customers of the company and our customers could be anybody in the nation. As whole OPT students plays an important role in boosting both the technological and economic development in the U.S.

3. This rule will be a win-win for both existing U.S. citizens and OPT students. Competition does exists but will create a win-win situation as this kind of competition will raise the human resouce quilty in the U.S. Knowing the existence of the competition will help people to realize the need to improve their skill set constently. In the long term this will help to raise the level of the education across the whole country.

For more than 200 years, the United States has welcomed people from all around the globe, enhancing the diversity, culture and economy. And that is what makes the United States the UNITED STA