I am really glad to see this news! STRONGLY APPROVE the rule! It finally begins to make sense on getting more value from those who get educated in US, eager to learn and contribute to the society wherever they are! At high tech and Science field, there is no boundary of nations and races, there is ONLY the strongest and smartest.

First think of who want to pursue education opportunity within America? America is the strongest and most tech advanced country on the earth, which means its knowledge in most tech areas could be leading and valuable. What kind of person want to take this chance and learn these knowledge? How much effort they need to make in order to get this education opportunity? It is almost certain that these students are among the smartest elites in their field. They are ambitious, clever, eager to know more and ready to make difference with the knowledge they want to get! They are HUGE value targets for any country. The revolution relies on these kind of people, no matter where they come from.

There has been times when thousands of foreign students came to America for education, then immediately sent back to their own country after graduation. From US perspective, what did US earn? Perhaps just the tuitions. Is it worth it? Of course, US can limit or even stop foreign students coming in, but is that still a country with freedom and parity? Then 12-month OPT rule came out in 2008 thanks to President Bush, a wise man who saw this huge leaked value. It is good, of course, but isn't 12 months too short? Think of it, what can one do in 12 months for his/her work? A year seems long, but from production level, from tech revolution level, it does not bring maximized benefits. One might work on a single product in 12 months then leave the country, and the company has to get a fill for him/her and on board the newbee. Time consuming, money wasted, value not maximized.

With this additional 24 months, it make difference! Totally 3 years, enough for almost any 