I am one among the hundreds of thousands of foreign students who are availing of the Optional Practical Training (OPT) facility being provided under the aegis of the US government under the guardianship of the Department of Homeland Security (DHS).

I completed my Masters in Mechanical Engineering from a reputed University and have had the opportunity to get a job in my field at a well known firm in my area of interest. This experience is invaluable in understanding a different culture, working in a team setting as well as understanding different technologies and standards of industry. In addition, people at the workplace are highly motivated and guide and support me in my responsibilities.

I feel the new proposal of 24 months is a bonus in getting to have a good feel and gaining in-depth experience. With this, one does not need to worry about having to apply for a different visa while still working under the Student visa program.

In addition, I completely understand the thoughts and feelings of the American workforce, in that, foreign workers might be attempting to take their jobs. If I were in their shoes, I would be like to say, I would not feel the same. However, this reminds me of a book I read a couple of years back called The World is Flat by Thomas Friedman. In this he states that in the long term, moving jobs to more competitive parts of the world gives the incentive to the workforce losing it to step up in the technology chain of value added. True, in the shorter term there are layoffs and the associated misery. but history has proven otherwise.

The new guideline for Companies to match the pay of students in STEM extension has as much to do with equality as is to do with protecting American jobs. Gone will be the days of selecting an inexperienced student quick to learn, at half the pay over another more experienced one. I understand U.S. employers will be required to provide a sworn attestation that the employer will not terminate, lay off, or furlough