As a Digital Media Program student, I would like to talk about some my personal opinions. The extension for the STEM program definitely will be very significant for both the employer and the employee in USA.

USA has the world's most advanced technology. We can find that in a variety of fields, like engineering, computer science, architecture and mathematics. Do they need any talented and practical people from all over the world to work on? The answer must be yes. If so, I can't find any reasons to remove this policy from the document.

Some people might say, it is because there are a large number of international student working in USA, this will cause a high competition in USA's labor market, and it even makes the local people really hard to get a job in USA. I just want to ask, is it really the true? You can't find a job, and you go to blame on the international people, but not yourself? 

Think about it, if you kick out all the competitive and superior people just because they are from oversea, and you keep using all of your less productive local people. What will happen in USA? How can you meet your country's high demand for the intelligent people? How can you keep your country's such fast development? and how can you still keep your country being the world's biggest IT industry?

I do not only care about whether we international student can have more time working in here, but I really think that it is not appropriate to ask them all to get out of this country suddenly. If you don't give them chance to stay here and work here. How many of them will still want to come here for studying or working? If you lose a large number of international students, will you also lose a lot of income from them? At the same time, will you lose a lot of talented worker and a lot of investors from international?

Above all, I just want to beg you guys to consider it very very carefully, to do a favor for us, and do a favor for yourself. We can still work here, and contribute to yo