The US govt should be providing protections for well-educated Americans; against these visa programs.

Americans all across the country have been ordered to TRAIN their foreign replacements. It's not fair that corporations can line the pockets of congress members and presidents then get these replacement workers.

I know how the program works VERY well. I am one of 20+ Americans ordered by corporate mgmt to TRAIN our foreign replacements. Our replacements were TATA India Inc employees, holders of H-1b and L-1b guestworker visas.

Siemens ICN held out a carrot for the Americans; stay on and train your replacements then we'll have this severance for you. Once trained, the Americans were sent packing while foreigners on visas lived and worked in Lake Mary, FL.

I was a contractor at Siemens. I was not offered a severance. They just assumed I'd go along with the program. Lucky for me I left mid-training when I located another job. 

I have been in my current position for 12+ years; ever since leaving Siemens ICN Lake Mary, FL. I'm still developing software, learning new technologies and most importantly making our employees more productive; so I'd say that "we're not outdated Americans. We can do the work; it's just that congress/presidents have created laws that give corporations reason to hire foreign workers over American citizens.

1. The H-1b and L-1b workers cannot seek work elsewhere. This is a benefit to the company hiring the H-1b worker and a big disadvantage against American workers. Basically, the company OWNS that foreign guestworker. If the H-1b gets disgruntled (for whatever reason) he/she can be deported. 

2. I wouldn't doubt that these "replacement" programs as pushing American students out of STEM fields. I know, if I knew what I know now back when I was in college I would not have sought a Computer Science degree. H-1b/L-1b visas is just a cruel joke to our kids seeking STEM degrees.

2. Americans all across the country have experienced what we did b