What is the most valuable resource in the 21st century? Talents! Talents!! Talents!!! (I have to emphasize its importance three times). I strongly advocate the new regulation for following reasons:

1) Talents are the building blocks of US's future
It is talents and US's policy allowing talents to excel that keep US the leading nation in the world. Among all the talents, STEM students play a significant role in the system. It is undoubtedly true that most of scientists, engineers and mathematicians are immigrants from outside US. A chance to STEM students means a chance to US's future.

2) Losing talents are critical threats to US
Think about the case when most of international STEM students leave US for their own country. US universities spent tons of resources and funds to educate and train those brilliant minds just to make they work for other nations? There are numerous examples that those draining brains are creating strong competitors that challenges US's companies. Google was forced away by its competitor called Baidu Inc. in China whose CEO went back to China after graduation. Lenovo acquired former cellphone giant Motorola stealing talents from US.

3) Giving Jobs for STEM students will benefit the job market.rather than harm it.
Jobs for STEM students require high level education background and advanced technologies. Unfortunately, there are way fewer US citizens qualified. Allowing STEM students to work won't make US people lose their own job but rather create more job opportunities. For example, O2O startups such as Uber and Airbnb hire many international employees to build amazing technology that allows US citizens to work part-time or full-time. Hundred and thousands of Americans are benefited and earn much more than before. In fact, STEM students are creating more opportunities than the opportunities they are given.

In sum, please improve the current policy for F1 students with STEM degrees and secure the talents at our best efforts. Because if we do