Great proposal, and one of the few sensible legislations on immigration. 

In uncertain economic times, demagogic politicians tend to scapegoat politically vulnerable groups, and immigrantsmostly low-skilledhave become an easy target in the current recession. Often overlooked, however, are the highly skilled STEM workers. Despite their small numbers, unions and other immigration restrictionists want to eliminate or severely restrict this source of skilled labor. With protectionist and restrictionist policies gaining in popularity during the present economic downturn, this study shows that closing the border to highly skilled foreign workers would be a grave mistake. 

Highly skilled foreign workers' contributions to science and technology, high rates of education, low rates of crime, net contribution in tax revenue, and positive effect on the wages and productivity of American workers are all reasons to remove restrictions on highly skilled foreigners immigrating to the U.S. Restricting the ow of highly skilled foreigners to 
the U.S. would hurt our economy. Entry barriers faced by foreign-born, highly skilled workers should be signicantly eased. 
Facing a recession and upcoming election, politicians from both major political parties are desperate to be seen as helping to create jobs for Americans. One proposed solution is to pass and enforce stronger antiimmigration laws, which use a targeted two-tiered approach of increased workplace and border enforcement. This strategy is premised on an economic fallacy and doomed to failure. 

Contrary to populist arguments, a more open immigration policy creates economic prosperity and jobs. The number of jobs in our economy is not xed. In a dynamic and relatively free economy, with most prices determined by supply and demand, the opportunities for job growth are virtually limitless.

However, when the price for labor rises due to articial scarcity, such as that imposed by our immigration system, many jobs and tasks that could