A reasonable length of OPT extension is a key factor for the US to attract more outstanding graduates to stay and contribute to the development of sciences and technology. As we all know, the US is playing a leading role in such areas than other countries, whatever in aerospace, automotive/electronic/bio-medical/chemical research, internet technology, and so on. We may ask ourselves what is the reason for that? The most important thing is the US is open to great people all over the world and provides good research environment for development and growth. 

An obvious issue is how companies identify excellent graduates? A good practical training program is essential. The length of the training program itself does not have to be very long, but there are more and more graduates have to participate in the annual H1b petition (since many of them are accumulated from previous years) which makes a longer extension for OPT in STEM area necessary and urgent since there is a potential loss of elites. Some opponents think a longer extension will lead to an intense competition in the job market of native Americans? Is it true? On the first sight, yes, it is. But if you think carefully you will get to the other way. First, only those outstanding graduates who uses this program can stay, while the other who could not survive in the market competition will be back to their home country. The people who stay have already contributed to the development of industry: they work hard, they pay for taxes, and they makes our lives more convenient through their jobs. Will you send them back to their home country and spend more money to hire and train a new employee? Of course, a wise person will definitely not do this since it is a waste of "everything". Second, the job market is fair for everyone. People use their knowledge to find a job. If there is a more appropriate person in front of a position, why should we use the other? Thirdly, a good competition environment can stimulate people to