I strongly support the OPT extension with the following reasons:
1. It extends STEM students work and practice time, with no proving competition effect for US citizens. With a 24 month extension, after a long term training in school, STEM graduates can have longer time to practically contribute to their specific industry, creating much more values to US society. Compared with returning to their own countries with the knowledge they mastered here in US, the US would benefit much more if these graduates stay here contributing for 2 more years. They will boost the tech development, and they will also boost the consumption and economy. The OPT extension only allows the graduates do certain very specific work in their fields, and usually, they're in high end cutting edge topics, which can hardly be competed with most other US citizens, and without these OPT students, many projects will not be finished at all, 
2. Whoever that says "foreigners get out of the country", are the ones either being competed away, or the ones holding discrimination, and the point is that they over-exaggerated the case of the OPT extension to be equal to a surely increase of immigrants, which is absolutely wrong generalization and quite emotional with no logics. For foreigners who have the tendency to immigrate, they prepare for it in many ways regardless with the OPT extension. No proving evidence so far could support the assumption of OPT extension facilitates the immigration, instead, it only exists in some extremists' imagination. What they can see might only be a temporary increasing population, what they don't see is how US technology and economy rely on these OPT trainees' work and efforts. For a normal US citizen, it's forgivable to focus only on one single point in the trivial life, but for US government, it's your obligation to vision the case in a national scale of view, and realize that the OPT extension does nothing but contribute to US economy and technology, and without the OPT ex