Mrugen Deshmukh I strongly support the STEM OPT extension. Here are my reasons for the support:

1. Unites Stated is currently facing STEM workforce shortage. This is a fact. Technology firms like Facebook, Google hire international students not because they are cheaper labor force, but because many US workers do not prefer to
obtain a Graduate degree (MS/Ph.D.) in these areas.

2. Unemployment among the STEM graduates (undergraduate level) is lower in the US, however, most US-students take up jobs in marketing, sales etc. This represents inclination of American workers towards non-engineering/ non-science jobs. Meanwhile, most F-1 students come for Science and Engineering degrees. Note that these are advanced degrees MS, Ph.D. International students have shown more inclination towards pursuing these degrees in Science and Engineering. This shows that they are more interested in getting jobs in the STEM Areas.
Therefore, it is not the cheap labor that allows international students to get STEM jobs, but genuine interest and eligibility (due to advanced degrees). Reference: http://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2014/cb14-130.html

4. If at all American-STEM-job problem exists, it will not be solved by blocking the international students from getting those jobs. It will simply hurt the companies that rely on eligible candidates. Eventually, they may end up outsourcing those jobs across the world.

5. Bright and talented Students on F-1 visa eventually become Green Card holders or citizens via means of employment based needs. This greatly benefits America. This fits the picture of an American dream, which is the sole reason for the American economy.
Does the US really want students who come to the US and get advanced degrees in the US to go back and contribute to their home-country economy and compete with U.S.?

6. Most students choose US for pursuing their higher education(MS or PhD) mostly because of great academic environment and bright prospects of building a career in their respective field by means of great research and innovation. If the extension is removed, the chances of building a bright career in STEM field diminishes significantly. This will simply deter international students to not come to the US for their higher studies. This will have significant impact on various US universities, that rely on large tuition collections from foreign nationals hence losing a major source of their revenue. Not to mention multi-billion dollars economy(Estimated to be more than 30+ Billion USD per year and growing fast.) that relies on international students renting houses, cars, travel, shopping, phones, buying cars, tourism economy when parents and relatives visiting America.

In the end, I just want to reiterate that US economy is built on fair competition. This extension gives a fair chance to students to compete and find a job and build a career, while contributing to the growth of US economy. International students work hard and retain the jobs because they have too much at stake. They have proven to be great workers and an asset to many companies all across the US. Even if the extension is to be removed, it cannot be done in such a haste, as it impacts thousands of students who are already in the US and who have made a life choice by choosing to study in USA.
