OPT allow F-1 students work and practice their professional knowledge legally after graduation. Research Institutes, R&D company, and national labs will benefits to hire talented F-1 students working on projects. However, most of projects would last two years or three years and would need students stay in the US legally to finish the projects without the limitation of their non-immigration status. The expanding of 24 months after 12-month OPT would allow students to have time to work and do research on large project that lasts longer than two years. 

The attraction of most international students coming to US for their study on F-1 status is that they are legally staying in US, practicing their knowledge and building a good relationship with friends in US. With 24-month expanding OPT period, students have longer time and higher chance to mature their skills and build up their relationship. Those STEM students who have two to three years of US working experiences could have higher chance to find a better job back to their country, which meanwhile, is the major attraction to their study-in-US decision. In addition, they are the bridge to bring US relationship and resources back to their countries and they could also bring resources from their countries to US. This would be win-win condition for both countries and technology communication and development. 

The universities could also benefit from their international alumni resources worldwide.Students in US could explore culture and technology worldwide by connecting their school alumni and visiting the countries. A strong relationship from US universities and universities from other countries would benefit both school faculty and students. A strong international alumni resources would allow universities to achieve this. The key for universities to attract international students are not only in the great education resources, but also the chance to allow their international students practice their working experiences i