I strongly support the new OPT extension for STEM students. My reasons are as follow.

First, the great prosperity of America is build upon the hard work and intelligence of all immigrant groups. Immigrants come to this country with their American dream. A lot of them not only realized their dream but also start business, small or large, creating a lot of job opportunities and helping other people to realize their dream.

Secondly, our industry are short of high technology work force, and it's to us harm to drive those STEM graduates away resulting in a big favor to our international competitors. Personally I am working as a software developer. In this area, as the prompt development of the technology and fierce competition, companies tends to pay high salary to hire talent professionals to remain competitive. This industry is not appraised by physical property, instead it is the brains that play a key role in the value of the company. As we know, single software company in American is facing much more fierce competition from not only local companies, but also rising countries like China and India. Instead of seeking good relative long term hiring of the international graduates (most them are from either China or India), allowing them working only for a short time under current OPT policy will be drive those talents back to our competitors in China and India shortly.

Thirdly, a lot of industry deeply reshaped by STEM graduates created new job opportunities for US citizens. Ebay has made it easier for everyone have internet access to sell things on that platform which is developed and maintained by lots of international professionals. Another example is Uber. Uber enables the normal car owners to make money by shuttling people around. Again a lot of STEM graduates work for Uber to make those new job opportunities possible.

To sum up, US as a nation build by immigrants should keep welcoming high tech professionals. An extension of OPT would benefits US industry with