As one of the international student, I feel necessary to stand up and argue for our right. I completely understand the voices of the protestors who claimed how we deprived them of their jobs, but they have failed to take into account the contributions these international students have made to United States. 

1. We contributed to the academic development, helped sustained the diversity of the campus, and made US students and ourselves better. International students paid extra effort to study and compete in an foreign environment with native students who had language advantage, and many of us stood out with excellence to participate and contribute to researches and the extension of the academic reputations of our institutions. 

2. We support financially. We paid much more tuition to support these universities and colleges financially so that AMERICAN CITIZEN will be less likely to have education problem when many schools cannot operate as well as before or even shut down due to lack of income under the fiscal circumstance with the weak support of US government. 

Without the possibility to work after graduation in US, the amount of international students will decrease rapidly, which directly threatens the education of US CITIZEN.

3. Having international students working in US legally stimulates the economy as a whole in the way that corporations with quality employees have the opportunity to keep a fast pace of development and expand, which leads to more jobs. If US only keeps things to itself, then its unique advantage in many industries and the economic growth as a whole will be at stake, because US is facing the problem of population crisis and US citizen only may not be able to support the need for human capital of the society. Without so many smart Chinese and Indian students who worked their butt off in the major internet companies, and without all those money these foreigners brought to United States and spent at US stores, real estates, entertainment and ev