I strongly support this purpose because it is beneficial for both the U.S and foreign students.

Extending the OPT extension period will not only benefit the education and companies, but also the American economy in a long term. Students coming from different countries bring new blood to universities, introduce fresh ideas for researches, technologies and culture, not to say huge economic income to educational institutions. For companies in the US, they need more talents to fulfill their plans of developments, especially those young new graduates who come with vitality and ambition. New graduates are with curiosity thus eager to learn. Plus they don't have a big family to take care of, so they can devote most of their time working. These features are what companies are looking for. However, most of the students graduate with STEM degree are foreign students. Since we can see that few American natives are studying these fields -- for example, in my grad school I knew only one native studying EE. From the economy side, with the high-tech companies developing rapidly, the U.S went into a period in which economy grows and employment rate goes up, comparing to several years ago. Foreigner students and workers are supporting the silicon valley to stay viable and robust, thus supporting the economy of the whole country. Not to say a lot of companies are trying to extend their market to foreign countries, like China and India. A new rule to extend the OPT period brings endless benefit in all the aspects I mentioned above.

In another aspect, some natives think that their career opportunities are being robbed by foreigners. But I don't think their theory stands. Long before when there were not many foreign students and such supportive policy as OPT extension, there are not so many openings and opportunities either. These opportunities come with having more new graduates because companies need people with energy, talented in learning related skills, and meanwhile they can pay