I saw a lot of comments talking about the competition between native students and foreign students, which seems like bad to the natives. However, that is impossible in the reality. 

For example, I was looking for a position of energy engineer in US. A large number of companies even didn't consider about the foreign students for this position as a foreign students. For the rest of the companies, although they would like to consider the foreign students, the natives still have big advantages. The natives don't need EAD card, sponsorship, or green card. This kind of advantage can make them flexible to work anytime for any companies, and the human resource department of companies don't need to deal with a large number of documents. Only the positions that no natives are willing to take can be obtained by a foreign students. We can see this conditions all the time for the engineering companies. For myself, I finally found a position in a startup where no other natives would like to work. As you know, the natives who has the similar working ability and theoretical knowledge usually prefer the big successful companies to pursuit high staring points of their careers. I can only picked up the rest of the opportunities. 

The reality tells us two points as following:
Firstly, the foreign students can not compete with natives since the native has so many advantages. And a large part of the companies don't consider the foreign students. That means the natives still has the same job opportunities no matter the opt extension for STEM can been approved or not.
Secondly, a lots of companies, especially the startups really need the foreign students to work for them since few natives would like to choose them. The approve of this policy is really important to their development, which would contribute to the development of American economy and industry finally. This kind of development also can offer more job opportunities for natives in the near future and improve the competitivenes