Dear DHS,

I am writing to express my strong SUPPORT to OPT Extension as demonstrated below,

1. Those who can get a job offer in the US are always the excellent ones among the graduates. They would devote much to the US industry. It is widely believed that international students do not have privilege during their interviews. It is indeed their excellence won them the job offers. It should be absolutely admitted that employing those excellent students would do much better to the companies and industry.

2. The main reason why most of students coming to the US to study ---- is the globally-leading universities and colleges in the US that attract students from all over the globe. However, we have to admit that there also exist nice universities in other countries competing ---- such as the ones in UK, Germany, etc ---- in spite of this, students are still keeping heading to the US. The reason primarily lies on that US is offering long OPT or more working opportunities. For students in STEM, a longer OPT would much definitely attract them to decide to come to the US for study and work at the leading technology companies, like Google, Facebook, Microsoft, etc. These would benefits not only the US universities, companies but also many other people ---- like the landlords renting houses to international students, etc.

3. There are so many student who is currently in their OPT-Extension. A cancellation of the Extension and driving them out immediately would undoubtedly result in terrible impact for their employers: currently ongoing projects may be suspended, departments in the company may be re-organized, etc. Furthermore, such a "compulsive withdrawing after offering" would do nothing good to government's reputation.

4. Most of the STEM international students are the ones who are not only excellent in their academic majors but also with strong financial support from their family. They are typically with good social status in their native countries so that they form a s