First, extension of OPT for STEM students affects US employment rate in a positive way, even for US citizens. In the short term, STEM students contribute a lot to tech innovations, just to name a few: consumer electronics, health care revolution, online education, and renewable energy. All of these are opening up huge job market within the US and overseas, especially when the moves of rejuvenating manufacturing industries in the US are getting momentum. Imagine how many jobs are created when solar pannels, electric cars, precise instruments need to be manufactured, tested for reliability, installed, maintained, marketed. Only a small portion of the job openings are filled by international students, while the majority is waiting for US citizens, with different education background and skills. In the long term, the younger generation of US citizens are inspired to get higher education and build their career in STEM fields to make this nation stronger.

Second, extension of OPT is gonna affect immigration in a much less significant way than other propositions in the immigration law. Do a back-on-the-envelope calculation, how many international STEM students are there, and what's the rate of them getting through application for H1B, and then green card and then finally citizenship? 

Third, extruding well educated international STEM students after their graduation is an unwise choice because now the tech industries are expanding and they need a lot of qualified workers. High tech companies are big tax payers. We all know our infrastructures need tax.

Finally, the US is an immigrant country, from its foundation, to the abolition of slavery, to the prosperity after WWII, all can not be achieved without its spirit of following the social and technological revolutionary trends, and the encouraging environment for people to contribute without worrying about their race, country of origin, religion and gender. Today, talented, skilled STEM workers is the key for the US to suc