I strongly support this new ruling. 
1. OPT program is directly related to US educational institutions and is fundamentally a selling point of the US educational market. A lot of people come to the US rather than go to other countries because of this benefit. If the extension was canceled, then it would be a threat to the US educational institutions financially. No one would ever want to bring CASH to the country anymore in exchange of education. The extension, to some degree, is a basic sales strategy that has worked well.

2. US higher education has been long short of enough students to do research. If the attractiveness of US education went down because of the cancellation of the extension, then the US research and high tech would be the first victim. US will lose its biggest advantage over other countries and will eventually lose its power.

3. OPT, even not a direct immigration issue, can also be related to immigration. OPT is itself a filter and will filter out people who are not good enough, as a three year period of working in a company is the best exam a student can take to prove his/her abilities. Those who are not good enough will get fired and go home. But those who can stay will have the option to either stay or leave after the end of the OPT period. The US government do not have to spend all the time and money and labor to come up with metrics to evaluate if an applicant is qualified for citizenship. Furthermore, a country needs immigrants, period. This is a fundamental economic rule that exists in nature. The two important driving force for economy are population and technology. Population-wise, companies needs demand to produce. Wont people eat and rent houses and buy stuff and spend money here and there after they start working under OPT? Why do people only see OPT worker taking jobs, but not see the other aspects? Remember the financial crisis in the 1930s? Nobody wanted to buy stuff, and companies had to stop producing, and so laying off workers. 