It will be a decision that changes the country! We should introduce more skillful men and women from all around the world (especially from India and China) to improve the great United State of America and to beat potential challengers.

It is engineering genius that created the rise of the west and the power of USA in the past several centuries. However, the percentage of engineering genius in U.S. should never be more than that in another country, such as China and India, unless we 'rob' or 'attract' genius from those countries. 

In the past, just relying on native genius seems enough. However, that was a time that China and India were still 'sleeping'. Nowadays, the 'Indian sleeping Elephant' and "Chinese sleeping lion" have been awake and has been very competitive in engineering field. In fact, China has been better than U.S. in many industries, such as high-speed train and new energy. Taking the huge amount of population of China in consideration, even if they could only make use of 1/3 of their engineering genius, their industry will be stronger than ours.

The best way to delay it or prevent it from happening, is to attract their genius to work for us. China and India are still much poorer than the U.S, and engineers can earn much less in China/India than in the U.S., even same amount of value are made by them. So, if given a choice, most of them will be very happy to work for American people. 

Every time ONE Chinese genius decide to work for USA rather than for China, we got TWO more genius than China.

With great help from English European genius in 1800s (thanks to the peacelessness on their continent), USA become the most largest industrialized country; with great help from German genius during and after WWII (thanks again to the peacelessness on their continent), USA became the superpower in the west. With great help from Russian genius in 1990s(thanks to the chaos after the Soviet collapse), USA has successfully kept its position as the only superpower