I strongly support the new OPT extension rule as a foreign student.

Firstly, the length of OPT extension rule is quite reasonable considering the the complexity and typical durations of research. For example, I did my internship in a big IT company during this summer. During my internship, its the first time for me to notice how different it is for working on a course project in a two-member team and working on a real-industry project. It does really take a lot of time to learn the codebase, framework and tools used by the team. Also, it needs experience accumulation to work productively and efficiently. I once asked my mentor how long did he expect an entry-level engineer to finish the transition period to work productively for the company? The answer is 2 years. Its obvious to see that a one-year OPT is absolutely not enough for a STEM student to earn enough practicing experience and also, it must be a loss for the company to lose a potentially productive employee just after one year training. 

Secondly, for the concerns expressed earlier, such as OPT allowing employers to depress wages. DHS proposes to modify the terms and conditions for employer participations in the STEM OPT extension to protect U.S. workers, such as the rule below:

If the employer does not employ and has not recently employed more than two similarly situated U.S. workers, the employer would be required to ensure that the terms and conditions of a STEM practical training opportunity are commensurate with those for similarly situated U.S. workers in other employers of analogous size and industry and in the same geographic area of employment. 
"

The new rule enhances the integrity of the STEM OPT extension. Also, Only companies in the E-Verify program are eligible for OPT extension, which prevents unauthorized disclosure of personal information and unlawful discriminatory practices based on national origin or citizenship status. Furthermore, the Mentoring and Training program is also provided