I really agree that extend OPT to 36 month.
This is a good way that helps Technology in US. I saw many people comment about STEM students rob their jobs, but actually they are not.
1. E-verify.
We know OPT is used for jobs that are E-verified, which means this company give jobs to applicant with no discriminant, everyone can apply it, and every one has the same chance. We know modern society is for people who have more skills, who have more knowledge, and who are ready to chances. In this degree, Stem students should have the same chance in these positions with US students, just judge by who is more fit in this job. 
2. STEM students are well skilled in some fileds.
And we know, STEM fields include math, engineering, and other science filed. We can't deny that Chinese students, Indian students, they are really good at math, CS. In most of universities, in computer science and statistics departments, most of students are international students, and they perform well, contribute what they learned in university to improve technology in US. If cancel this OPT extension, most of these departments will face disaster that they can't get applicants. Also, US will loose a large amount of number of skilled workers in data analysis, in computer science, which also a disaster for whole country.
3. Economy.
From economy in US, we know every year, international students bring a lot money with them to US, and they consume, they pay for their rent, their service fee, their tuition fee, this is a big money source for most master programs. Also, for some restaurant, some markets, international students are main source. OPT is one of the most attractive thing that international students interest, if this OPT extension cancelled, there will be much less students come here, and definitely will have bad influence in economy in universities, restaurant and other places.
4. Future for US
We know US is most powerful country in the world, because this country have many intelligent people, US