As an OPT student, I would say the benefits of continuing the OPT extension for U.S would be heavier than being canceled. 

First, think about the initial intention when passing the policy. One could not deny that in the area of science, technology, math and engineering, students from China, India, France and many other countries, possessing great potentials and skills, helped a lot in improving the employer's working efficiency, contributing smart ideas and developing U.S economy. It is the fact that U.S citizens also learned a lot from us, either from the skill set or cultural communication. I believe U.S, as the greatest country in the world, with its intention of being freedom, open and keep developing, would see the great contribution of all our students had made and will make. Isn't it being open the key success of being the greatest country for U.S? 

I will not deny that we take up many job positions. Competition becomes fierce for local because of us. But try to look at this problem from a longer perspective. No pains no gains. Only the competition inspires people's potential and the whole society's development. 

Finally for immigration, there are so many other ways to limit the immigrations, if this is what the government want. I believe U.S government knows this better than me. However, why put the pressure on our students who are just out of schools, who want to learn, to contribute and who will be the society's future? 2 years working experience, honestly speaking, really really means zero threat for u

As an opt student, I am not the person who will think out of any way to stay. I will not stay in the country lacking the long perspective of development. If cancelled, I would be more happier to come back to my own country than staying here being not respected.

Last but not least, I want to talk about my personal experience. I have been in U.S for two years. I gained many important growth in this country. I do have big sentiment associated with the pla