I would like to support this proposed rule and I also have something to say about it in terms of several questions that some people might have.

Some citizens are scared of losing job opportunities when STEM F1 students are competing with them, which in my opinion, will never happen at all. First, the STEM F1 students are only a small group of the whole graduating students. Even though they might be very competitive in some certain areas, they can't grab all available positions in the job market all the time. And in other broader stages, these international students are not competitive at all. Second, there are many types of companies in the America, big ones, medium ones, small ones and numerous start-up companies, which determines the job openings here will never be fully filled up. In addition, US citizens have unmatched networking in the America. They have friends, family and relatives who are able to refer them to internal job positions. This advantage is a crucial factor in a successful job searching. 

Besides, F1 visa has lots of restrictions and limited legal status, about which most US citizens do know nothing. In fact, the process for an international student to get a job is much more complicated than US citizens. Companies might not want to train international students since F1 visa only supports them to work legally for 12 month plus extension time as practical training, unless the student get approved to receive a H1 visa. In terms of the H1 visa, many companies don't sponsor at all because they don't want to spend time and money on filing a case for the international students. Nowadays, companies compare candidates for their positions. If a specific position cannot be fit by a suitable US citizen at a certain time, they will turn to consider 
international candidates. The only thing that would jeopardize the citizen's right in job hunting is some consulting companies that trade foreign students or workers directly from other country or within the US a