I completely support the STEM extension and it is a very good move to increase the time to 24 months.

I feel the Mentoring and Training program for Graduate Students must be reworked because many times students enrolled in graduate programs go for internships or get hired part/full time while still in school on CPT in their field of graduation. These exposures adds up to their training experiences and once on 1st year of OPT they start working full time like any other regular candidates. Now while filing STEM extensions most of the students already have 1 to 1 and half years of US work experience (on top of any previous work experience in the field from their origin country). In fact towards the end of the 1st year OPT many students file their H1 visa applications too. Some may even have already changed jobs or in process of changing jobs while filing the STEM extension, so it may not make any sense to ask the new employer for these paper work when the employer is hiring the student thinking he is an experienced candidate to do the job. Therefore, I feel the Mentoring and Training programs may add up to unnecessary paper work in some scenarios for employers. This would even make harder for students to find a job easily because the process may seem too much extra work to employers or may make them feel the candidate is not yet prepared for the job since he needs training. I think the Mentoring and Training program needs modification depending on the students education and work profile, specifically in case of Graduate Students. Though I feel this regulation will put a restriction on students who graduate with other degrees such as Health Science, Electronics, Biotechnology etc but just take one computer course during their course work and then use that course to file their STEM extension to keep working in the field of Information Technology. This is a big loop hole which DHS should look into, many students do not find job in their specialization and but they find j