As an international student who obtained PhD in Biology in an US university, I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the extension of 24-month OPT for the STEM student, for the following reasons:

1.International students with advanced degrees in STEM are a significant part of the driving force for the development of United States. According the news and reports from WSJ, Forbs and Time, there is an increasing number of international employees in the most profitable companies in all kinds of industries. One typical example is the high-tech companies, such as Google, Amazon, Facebook, Apple and many others. Jobs such as software/hardware engineers, data scientists are filled by a significant number of students from India and China. These international students are highly qualified and needed for the fast development for these giant companies, who creates incentives and jobs in other areas, such as service industries and small/mediate sized business. So when you have a big pictures regarding to that the high-tech companies are the engines for the whole economies, it is clearly noticed that international students are helping to creates more jobs, instead for taking more jobs. 
Besides the highly talented international students in engineering , international student in biology, pharmaceutics and healthcare industries are also devoting their brain power and hard work to building a better healthcare system in this countries. The healthcare problems is one of the urgent challenges in US and the world, without these international students, the speed and quality of industry advance and upgrade will be severely impaired, and the health well-being of the people in this country might be at risk. 

2.Competition raised by intentional students will accelerate the development of this country as a whole. Historical experience clearly states that an open and welcoming attitude towards competition is promoting the advance of a country as whole. While it is true that increasing number of 