I strongly support the STEM OPT extension. And as the answer for some of the oppositions, I have four points to share with everybody: 

First of all, the whole point of STEM OPT extension is to keep the International human intelligence resources in the United States while there is a gap between graduation and the granting of working VISA. Upon the cancellation of OPT extension, the US industry would lose hundreds of thousands of employees immediately. Considering the huge amount of financial and human resources that are already invested in hiring and training these International employees, this would be a heavy blow onto the economy in the United States. In the long run, a compromised financial situation would cause the cut-off of more positions, even US citizens would be involved and won't be lucky. Opponents, you'd better be smart and think about the consequences. 

Second, competition from International students are NOT decreasing the chances for citizens in getting their job. These International students, when they get the job offer, they have already shown much more qualification than their US citizen peers, because companies need to advertise for the same position around citizens and prove no citizen can do this job before they can hire this International student. For the citizens, if they fail to get a job, that doesn't mean that their chance has been decreased due to the competition from International students, but because of they are NOT QUALIFIED for what they apply for. In addition, even if competition exists, competition is not a bad thing. 

Third, the number of STEM job positions is expected to be increasing (http://www.ed.gov/stem) by 14-62% during 2010-2020. As more positions are open, the need of human intelligence is increasing.

Last but not the least, United States, has always been a country that loves diversity. When tracing back to hundreds of years, everyone's ancestor used to be a foreigner, except for the American Indians. For the opponents 