I am strongly support with the extension of OPT for the F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees and cap-gap relief for all eligible F-1 students. I am major in Computer Science and I am now working in the IT field with the help of OPT program. From my perspective, the benefits of the OPT are important for both the people in America and other international students.

Why would the companies pay a good salary for these STEM students but not others? In STEM fields, international students always play an important roles. They have both the quantities and qualities which those companies need. If they don't have competitiveness, they won't have such a good salary as the natives. Because what they are good at is making efforts on the filed, which natives are relatively weak. They grow with companies and pay their taxes. They are doing their part to make America a great country. 

Why does the students with STEM have the extension but not others? This is because STEM students have more challenging in their academic fields. They need more time and opportunities to sharpen their skills. I have seen lots of international students as teaching assistants, research assistants and even non-paid employees. They are grateful for the academic experience in the America and they are helping their fellows, classmates, professors and coworkers with their jobs.

Why does the students care about the extension of OPT? Because they value the experience of working in America. Every international students are coming for a better education. They also hope to work here for a few years to make build their resume. As one of them, I will go back to my home country for further development of my career. If the extension is abandoned, the international students may consider not go America for education but any other developed countries. We all know that the international students pay higher education fee than the natives. If the number of these student dropped, the local economic will also have the