I agree with the DHSs proposal for Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 students.
International students have contributed a lot to Universities in U.S., especially financially and academically. They pay large amount of tuitions to help the universities to stay in normal operation. They do research in graduate school and publish a large number of papers every year.
When we realize the great contributions made by the international students, we probably should ask why there are so many talented international students choose to pursue a degree in U.S.? One of the most significant reasons is the training opportunities provided by U.S. government, which benefit both our country and the international students. For our country, the international graduates in STEM majors stay in U.S. and continue to contribute the development of science and technology after they get their advanced degrees. For the students, work experience in industry is very important for them so that they can do some real projects and learn something they cannot learn in schools.
If we stop providing such training opportunities to the students, not only the high tech companies would suffer from lack of talented graduates, in the meantime few students would prefer to attend college and graduate schools in U.S., which would probably result in financial difficulties and lack of research assistants for U.S. universities.
Expanding Training Opportunities help international graduates to have more accomplished work experience, as the graduates in STEM majors typically need 2+ years to complete a science or engineering project. This policy, if approved, will then attract more potential international students, bring more fiscal revenue for colleges, improving research qualities in universities, and creating more job opportunities for those businesses (shops, restaurants, apartments for rental, etc.) which locate near universities.
Therefore, I highly support the DHSs proposal for Expanding Training Opportunitie