I think the OPT Extension proposal is a great rule. More opportunities should be provided to STEM students. Some critics may argue that this rule will increase the unemployment rate and they believe by offering less opportunities to foreigners, the unemployment rate will be significantly lower. However. I believe this argument is not going to become. 
First, STEM majors are those most domestic students are not willing to learn. Lets say computer science. In the graduate program of my university, more than 80% of students are foreigners and only 20% are locals, including green cards. Notice that my university admits more foreigners are not because there are more smart people outside the country than domestic. In fact, my university put a more strict constraint when admit foreigners, GPA has to be higher than 3.5 and TOEFL scores more than 100. But, there are still more foreigner in the program than domestic, it is because less domestic students select this as their majors. And this is actually happened to most universities in US. So, foreigners only fill in those spots that domestics are not willing to take.
Second, because of the first point, foreigners are not big competitors of domestic students. In my university computer science department, domestic students are all already find good jobs and it is very common that they have several offers from big techs. Therefore, even though foreigners are not allowed to work in US, how can our domestic students benefit from that, more offers? This is actually true for many universities in US, therefore, even if US is not allowed foreigners to work here, the unemployment rate for CS students wont drop a lot.
Third, if extension rule cannot pass, I am 100% sure that there will be a huge drop in the application to US universities in the next few years. By observing the large proportion of foreign students in each university, I am wondering how much revenue the universities are going to drop. Subsequently, how many people work in