My little nephew who is only 14 years old called me yesterday and told me that she already has an American Dream. From all the movies, TV shows and broadcasting, she is dreaming about the justice, the freedom, the fairness, the civilization and the liberty that United States have been always claiming and challenging the rest of the world. She is eager to come and study in America, and to become the best scientist. 

OPT Stem program was such a great opportunity for all the international students who have dreams to become successful, to contribute advanced knowledge to their home country and to United State. However, this program is in danger. Hundreds, thousands of US workers are yelling that their jobs were taken, their taxes were wasted. THESE ARE NOT TRUE. They are saying these only because they don't know about this program, they don't know how much contribution has been made to this country by all the STEM international students. 

How come there is never a sound encouraging to kick Sergey Brin, who is the co-founder of Google, out of the country, only because he is not a native American. The truth is he studied in US, he worked in US, he had nothing different to current STEM students many years ago. THIS IS NOT THE SPIRIT OF FAIRNESS! If any of you realize the truth, more than a third of the top tech companies in the US were founded by people born outside of the country. US tech workers have never claimed these people stole their jobs.

I am currently a PhD student in bio-information engineering. I fully support the OPT STEM program, and extend from 17 month to 24 month, and also allow students who had a higher level degree to have one more STEM OPT are supportive. 

Most of the complaints about disagreeing this student program are two things: one is students are stealing jobs from US workers; the other one is students are wasting resources. I would like to clarify these two confusions.

1. I came to US for at first a master degree. I paid for my full tuition.