I strongly support the increase of OPT extension up to 24 months for F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees and cap-gap relief for all eligible F-1 students.

High tech companies, e.g. intel, google, facebook etc., are the main driven force for economy of US. Keeping these high tech companies thriving is of paramount significance to maintain the leading role of US in the world. To achieve so, the most important thing is to have enough well educated and high quality employees working for these high tech companies. Unfortunately, nowadays there is a huge lack of well-educated employees working for these companies due to the rapid development of high techs in the modern society which need a large number of high quality employees with high education degrees.

I used to work in a few top engineering schools in US and noticed that the majority of graduate students are international F-1 nonimmigrant students. These students are very talented with solid academic backgrounds and are well trained in the graduate schools in US. Most of them receive fellowships as well for their graduate education. These F-1 nonimmigrant students are well suited for high tech companies. However, with the current OPT of 12 month, there is not enough time for these high quality students to do the job hunting and get trained for those high tech companies. Given that the current high tech is so complicated, it usually takes a long time for training even for high quality students with high degrees. For instance, at intel, it usually requires 8 to 12 months to train fresh engineering students with Ph.D degrees before they can operate equipment independently and contribute to the company. One year OPT can ONLY allow them to complete the training without further contribution to the company, which is a tremendous loss not only to those high tech companies but also to the economy of US. It is no wonder that Mark Zuckerberg of Facebook complained that were losing some of the most talented people.

Wi