Will STEM OPT affect American economy and employment? NO!
International students have made historically contributions to US GDP(including the payments of tuition, research, innovation...) According to statistics compiled by NAFSA, in 2014, foreign students made a net contribution of $26.8 million dollars to US economy. Many public university are more or less get benefits from the payment of tuition by foreign student, especially compare to the tuition paid by in-state students

Will US taken over by illegal immigrants due to this policy?NO!
I saw many comments about the illegal immigrants concern. International students are NOT illegal immigrants. Some of them may work for 2-3 years in US then go back to their mother country. Some of them may hand in the immigration petition, after this their are LEGAL immigrants! They have their work and paid tax as native. They are not like those illegal immigrants and they won't abuse tax payers money.

Will foreigners take the opportunity from native employees? NO
Many people said that the low-pay for foreigners given PRIORITY OVER foreign workers. That is not true. The regulation in this proposal mentioned mentoring and training plan clearly: DHS will check the employers from time to time, in order to make sure both foreigner and native are treat equally in payment. More over, because of the sponsorship of H visa for 
foreign workers, American HAS THE PRIORITY .
Yes, I agree "Jobs should be given to U.S stem workers & American students seeking stem careers." If a company cannot find a suitable US worker to undertake the same job, hiring a foreigner won't hurt.

No need to extension OPT because of the H1B? NO
Many foreign workers are not so lucky for the lottery of H1B visa because a lot of people who did not have a degree in US are involved in. Some of them only have a Bachelor degree in their mother country. They can also take one or MORE spots in the H1B lottery pool.(They do not obey the regulation and take a lot of spots in