Mingming Cai, University of Notre Dame I strongly support the new regulations of OPT extension. There are six strong reasons to approve the regulation.

First, international STEM students have contributed significantly to both US economies and American people through tuition and living expenses during their study in US. The OPT extension is a big attraction for international students to invest the education in US instead of Europe, Australia, Canada, and many other countries. International STEM students spend their own money and contribute to US economy, which is the best business around the world and in history. Without OPT extension, less international students will come to US, which could seriously reduce job opportunities for the American people who make money from international students. Besides, US would reduce and even lose the leadership in education without the OPT extension.

Second, international STEM students have greatly contributed to the US technologies development. There is only a small fraction of US students who would like to pursue STEM major. Without qualified international STEM students, US research would be slowed down, and be caught up with by other countries. Providing OPT extension is a great way to attract qualified international students.

Third, international STEM students have contributed significantly to US high-tech companies during their OPT and OPT extension period. There is not enough number of US citizens and permanent residents that meet the requirements of high-tech companies. As we all know, US high-tech companies lead the technology all over the world. International STEM students are strong thrust for the leadership. Without the OPT extension period, the trained STEM students would contribute to other countries, which are competitors of US technologies.

Forth, science and technology cannot be developed in one day or one year. For example, National Science Foundation usually allows a 3-year period for the research to be funded. A STEM graduate who just receives his/her degree has been well educated to devote to the science and technology. One year of OPT is not enough for international STEM students to make contribution to American science and technology. Most of work is usually in the intermediate stage after one year. If international STEM students have to leave US because of no OPT extension. It is not just the loss of the students, but also a waste of resources of US companies and US society. 24 months OPT extension is a good amount of time for STEM students to complete their job for US companies.

Fifth, the OPT extension regulation has provided enough protection for US citizens. It has been seriously considered in the regulation. Unqualified international STEM students cannot get OPT extension, even an OPT opportunities. Besides, US has faced STEM labor shortage long time ago according to the survey from industries and government. The number native STEM labor cannot meet the rapid development of technology and economy. Attracting international STEM students through OPT extensions have been proved to be an effective way to fill the gap of the STEM labor shortage problem without damaging native STEM labor.

Sixth, the top reason that US has been No. 1 in economy, science and technology is that US welcomes talented people all over the world to come to the US, to study in US and to work for US, no matter what their nationalities, race, color, gender, and etc. are. The OPT extension regulation is an importance step for US to maintain its leadership in economy, science and technology through attracting all talented STEM students around the world.
