Yiqian Du I'm a international student and my major is mathematic and minor is business. This year is my junior year of university of Albany. 
In my opinion, I think extend OPT is a great idea for most companies. My management professor said that companies need lots of new faces every year which can ensure the company's envirentment goes well. When company do very well means the country's GDP goes well. The country that have international students as much as U.S. the extend OPT means a lot. I think extend the time of OPT is going to be a great idea for not only international student but also for U.S. citizen.

As an international student, it always to be great to having more time for the training working experience, so that we can have a deeper understand the U.S. cultural and society. For me, i think i am going to feeling be more involved to U.S. society at the time we work in company rather than studying in collage, and involved into U.S. society is one of the main reason why we leave so much behind and traveled this long way to come to U.S.. It is because we are looking forward to have the way that American are. We as international student are here to live, communicate and get involved with American, not here to steal the number of jobs. We are here to rich the multinational, multicultural living atmosphere.
i am a person that loves mathematic. For me, mathematic is not just numbers, formulas, it is fun and make me feel excited. I love to talk to people about what i learn and how i learn mathematic in a interesting and funny way. i really want to show people that mathematic is not some boring and hard academy major, i love to show people the funny part of mathematic and let more and more people study mathematic like i do in collage or working environment, and i think expanding the time of OPT would definitely give me longer time to tell people what i though about mathematic. i believe what i do would be just like a butterfly effect, wind will spread out the world. 
