I always believe that the thriving of a nation depends on a relatively free competition in the job market, which is very similar to market economics. Monopoly will not only make the market inefficient, but also will make the people suffering from unreasonable burdens. The majority of foreign STEM students graduate with good academic results, and they can win their job opportunities by free competition which proves the employers consider them as more suitable for the positions, which is very fair. But they have to leave their job because of their legal student visa status is too short to get another kind of visa support, which is very harmful for the employers. The employers have to waste HR resources to look for another suitable candidate, and more time and financial costs to train the new employee which is harmful to the company and thus to the whole US economy. 

I witnessed lots of STEM students from foreign countries had became an important part of their companies, organizations due to their hard-working, good personality and strong academic background. This is a signal that the American society needs them, and they are also very suitable for the environment. Examples of foreign people take core roles in technology companies are countless, Google, Microsoft, Amazon and so on and on...And I think the new STEM OPT Extension is a very meaningful way to support future creators, practitioners and leaders, no matter which country they originate.

As of academic reasons, I see foreign STEM students are very diligent and smart. They conquer their language disadvantage and absorb impressive amount of cutting edge knowledge hoping to use them to devote to the US society. It's a absolute fact that almost all US top universities have a big portion of foreign STEM students, MIT, Stanford, Berkeley, Carnegie Mellon... None of them is an exception. Such good education resource and efforts should turn into the great soils for the America to grow on. But without this OPT extensi