My immediate family and I have lived in the US for 23 years. Weve paid our taxes, worked hard to contribute to society and have invested much into living here as good citizens. Over the years Ive held different visas, first as a dependent and later as an independent holding my own F-1 visa. The US is my home and where I was raised but now my entire world is in jeopardy because STEM OPT may or may not exist in the next few months. If you dont approve this rule, I, an American in spirit, would have to leave my home. 

Im the eldest of my family and serve as integral support and principal earner. If I were to leave, my family would be left in crisis. I have a brother in med school, a mortgage to pay, and two car payments. The loss of my income would be crippling. 

Now, you may not care for one random contributing member of your society but I represent thousands in the same position. So many would suffer. Large companies or small and too many individuals to count. Major companies would have to retrain thousands at the cost of possibly millions. Smaller companies (such as mine) would lose valuable members that contribute and push small businesses forward. You would cut off those who willingly and eagerly contribute to the life blood of the American dream. This rule carries economic significance for the immigrant and nonimmigrant alike. 

America is a land of immigrants, you know that. Talented individuals come here from other countries and contribute directly to this society. Why brain drain that talent out? Why not keep the US competitive for longer? The economy needs a strong and intelligent workforce. 

Now, with regards to the rule itself and its content, I see many aspects that will burden both international students and the government itself. On the one hand the DHS is doing right by those concerned about American jobs but they may not be doing right by themselves. Providing mentorship programs is a good idea on paper but who on earth is going to process them all?