I strongly support expanding OPT for F1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees for the following reasons.

1. The U.S. STEM student still have big advantage over international STEM student in job searching. Americans are always their first choice, and only when they can't find an appropriate candidate, they will hire an non-immigrant if applicable. As a matter of fact, it is not hard for american with a STEM degree to find a job, most unemployed american are either with poor education background or not working hard themselves, international students, if with the same situation, is impossible to find a job in the U.S. either. So it is not right to ascribe the unemployment rate to STEM student.

2.In an other way, as a international student, you need to possess at least equal, and most time better ability to find a job in U.S., so their ability is for sure acknowledged by the employer. As we all know, America is a country of immigrants, the reason America attracts so many talented people to come is "Everyone is equal here", everyone has equal opportunity, even though you are a foreigner, you are given the chance to compete with Americans. You have the chance to prove yourself, but not be turned down without even trying. If you are good enough, you can make a difference here. American is a race, and it is not, it is a mix of everything, and it keeps growing and expanding. We should adhere to that simple principle, "everyone should be treated fairly" and embrace intelligent people from all over the world.

3. From a global perspective, some traditionally considered as "NOT" immigrant friendly countries, such as German, has decided to issue "blue card" to highly qualified non-EU nationals by simplifying entry procedures and residence rights. After sticking to their non-immigrant policy for so many years, they finally realize their shortage of high tech people because the majority of them choose to come to the American thanks to the more immigrant friendly environment. A