I strongly support the purposed initiative and find opposing comments here problematic. My stand point is based on both my observation and study of this matter. 
First off, I would like to emphasize an important reason that this extension is necessary for STEM students which is neglected by the most. STEM jobs are different from jobs in other sector due to its nature. Its common to have long term projects for engineers in STEM sectors. For example, business software development often take at least one year to several years to finish. A young professional with only one year limit can hardly take part in such projects, in which case employers would be hesitated to hire them.
Also, the extension made American STEM education competitive compared to other countries. In America, 40% percent of Chinese student and 74% of Indian students are in STEM majors, while this number for Chinese students in UK is less than 20%, where business majors are the most popular. Its the friendly environment of US for STEM students makes it the most attractive place for young talents in engineering. If measures like STEM extension are revoked, I believe US will be much less appealing for overseas STEM students who will inevitably incline more to other advanced countries like Canada or Australia.
Its also important for American technology industry to have high level professionals in STEM sectors. It is well and long known that the number of American students who prefer STEM is diminishing. According to National Center for Education statistics, of the 1,791,000 bachelors degrees conferred in 201112, the greatest numbers of degrees were conferred in the fields of business, social sciences and history. It is an established fact that IT department and other STEM fields are facing a major shortage in human resource. Some people may hold an idea that there is even a surplus of STEM student, but based on my observation that its still easy for STEM foreign students to find a job in US, despite of man