Dear Sir/Madam,

I am a PhD student in Computer Science at Princeton Univeristy. I hold that improving and expanding training opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students is very beneficial to the continuing prosperity of the country. It also helps US keep dominating cutting-edge technologies. There are three major reasons.

Firstly, nonimmigrant students form a large portion of outstanding students in graduate schools nationwide. Take my research group as an example, 80% of the PhD students came from countries outside the US and they are playing critical roles in major projects funded by US organizations such as NSF. I would say loosing them is a huge loss to the country. If the current proposal is approved, they will have many more contributions to the research society of the US even after graduation. 

Secondly, diversity is the core reason why the US is competitive globally. This country has been attracting talents from all the countries in the world and many of them are now playing important roles in major companies or even government agencies. We can view the major companies and government agencies as important building blocks of the country. In the long run, giving more opportunities for nonimmigrant students who are well educated is the best solution to keep the building blocks running in a virtuous cycle.

Thirdly, a large amount of F-1 nonimmigrant students like me is holding/held scholarships, which mainly come from the universities or external companies. The money, after all, comes from donators or taxpayers. We deeply appreciate being financially supported by all these nice people in this country, and we would like to make our best contributions to the country as well as its citizens in return. From the perspective of the country, letting these students further contribute to this country rather than loosing them is perhaps the best strategy to encourage donators and taxpayers in the future.

In conclusion, improving and expanding training opportunities t