After reading through the posted regulation and many comments, I see lot of people obviously misunderstood OPT STEM extension, intentionally or unintentionally. Im holding onto it and giving my support here.

OPT Extension, is not the root cause for Americans losing jobs. To some people, please, stop blaming it thoughtlessly and actually to try to understand what it really is. OPT Extension has strict requirement on both employer and international student. Most important, any company wants to hire students on OPT Extension needs to be E-verified and goes through more complicated procedure, and of course, costs more. From my personal experience, the number of e-verified companies are very limited. It is already a negative situation that international students have to face while seeking jobs. A lot more companies will say explicitly they do not spouse visa, or will only hire Americans. And for students themselves, they have to be holding STEM degree to be eligible to extend OPT. Therere over 2000 majors in total according to CIP code but only about 400 of them are included in STEM. Its a small portion of all international students, and rest of them will only be able to do 1-year OPT. E-verify and STEM have already narrowed down the amount of students who can work for the extra time. It will not be a big impact on American peoples opportunity, but is essentially vital for each STEM student. People may still say it is unfair for Americans holding STEM degree. Yes, it is unfair, but not for Americans. International students are already on the weaker side. If people want a fair competition, just bring it on. Otherwise, before complaining about losing job opportunity, think twice about why you lose it, instead of trying to kill the competition itself. Ive seen talented and competitive American students in college, they never complain about losing opportunities to international students, and they all landed on decent jobs. Ive also seen a lot STEM international students try