Yao Chen I highly support Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees. 

International students are not the only group that benefiting from the extension of OPT, U.S. citizens are also highly benefiting from it. International students are creating more jobs and at the same time boosted up U.S economy significantly. Note1: International students contributed more than 26.8 billion to the U.S and 340000 jobs during 2013-2014 (nafsa.org). International students are paying double amount of tuition than U.S. Students. I personally pay 39000 per academic year without even count for the summer school tuition, just because that I am an international student. All those money would go towards U.S citizens for their social security, health benefits, etc... 

Large U.S corporations such as Apple inc., Ford, Google are crucial to U.S economy and offer most job opportunities to U.S citizens. Many of those companies are running globally since globalization plays an essential role in the world economy. Without enough knowledge of other countries' culture, many U.S. companies can face conflicts or misunderstanding, which could result that U.S companies lose the high potential international market. Because those international students know both cultures in the U.S and their homeland, they can be the best mediators to help U.S companies to enter markets of other countries. Hence, international students play an important role to insecure those U.S companies well functioning in global market. 

International students especially in STEM degrees are just simply filled up the spot that U.S citizens do not want. We need to be honest and face the fact that not everyone has great passion for math, physics, statics and other majors in the STEM categories. Those majors as very difficult majors and hard to graduate from. Notes2: In a Statistical Analysis Report "STEM Attrition: College Students' Paths Into and Out of STEM Fields": it indicates there are " [a] total of 48 percent of bachelor's degree students and 69 percent of associate's degree students who entered STEM fields between 2003 and 2009 had left these fields by spring 2009. Roughly one-half of these leavers switched their majors to a non-STEM field, and the rest of them left STEM fields by exiting college before earning a degree or certificate."(Chen, 2013). Why there are so many International students choose STEM degrees? One of the reasons is that many U.S students tend to graduate from the communication, social study rather than physics or engineering. So, international students simply chose what U.S students do not tend to choose. To be clear, I do not make any universal claim that U.S students do not choose to get STEM degrees. In fact there are U.S students have great passion in those majors, however, not as much as majors in non-STEM.

International students are also filling up the jobs that U.S students in STEM degrees do not want as well. A lot of companies prefer U.S new graduates rather than International new graduates unless; the job is not the best interest of U.S students. My friend, who is also an international student, got a job offer. The job is project based which means that it requires him to move to another city every 5-6 months after finishing a project. I guess most U.S students would not take this offer because they attached to their friends and families. 
Therefore, to extend the OPT would be beneficial for both of the U.S citizens and international students. 


Note1 : http://www.nafsa.org/Explore_International_Education/Impact/Data_And_Statistics/NAFSA_International_Student_Economic_Value_Tool/

Notes2:
Chen Xianglei, "STEM Attrition: College Students' Paths Into and Out of STEM Fields", URL: http://nces.ed.gov/pubs2014/2014001rev.pdf
