Extending the OPT period is beneficial not only for the student, but also for the entire US IT industry and society. 

First, extending OPT will potentially reduce H1B applications. As is known that US is the home for most elite IT companies and plays a leading role in technology innovation. As a OPT student, one will be able to work longer in the US and get better prepared for his/her career in his/her own country. Many students who plan to work in US for 2 or 3 years do not need to rely on H1B visa if they are able to work in OPT status for 3 years, and this will largely relieve the H1B visa tension. Since most of the students want to gain work experience and go back to their own country after 2 or 3 years, holding an H1B visa will be a waste because they will not use up the years. Thus, extending OPT rather than offering H1B is a better way to provide a legal work status for these students.

Second, the fast growing of IT industry is short of STEM talents, and will definitely be demanding more, especially talent new grads. OPT students have contributed a lot to the success of big IT companies, like Google, Apple, Microsoft, Facebook, etc, and these companies make a better life for us. Talents are the heart of these companies and the heart of future innovation, where US, as the world IT industry leader, definitely wants to play a big role. Extending OPT program will keep more talented and skilled foreign students working and contributing in US and secure the economic growth. 

Third, keeping OPT students will help create more job opportunities and improve the US job market. Some people argue that these students will take their jobs in the future, but this is not true. Actually, these OPT students will help expand the industry and thus creating more jobs. Look at those startups, a lot of them are created by foreign talented students or have these students working hard during their growth. Some of the startups will grow to giants and create tons of positions. This i