I strongly support this new OPT extension rule. 
First, Countries such as Canada, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia, Malaysia, Taiwan, and China are actively instituting new strategies to attract international students. As an international student majored in materials science, the most important reason I choose to study here in US not any other countries like British is because US could provide me the industry training opportunity during school or after graduation. This industry training opportunity makes us competitive in the job market when back to our home country. So OPT extension is very important to attract foreign STEM talents. Without this OPT extension rule, I do not believe US could still attract so many foreign STEM talents every year and I probably would choose to study in other countries with better policy to foreign STEM talents. For example, Canada also recognizes that educational institutions need international students to compete in the global race for research talent. In 2008, Canada modified its Post-Graduation Work Permit Program to allow international students who have graduated from a recognized Canadian post-secondary institution to stay and gain valuable post-graduate work experience for a period equal to the length of the student's study program, up to a maximum of three years, with no restrictions on type of employment. As a result, more international students were attracted to pursue their study in Canada.

Second, U.S. employers will benefit from the increased ability rely on the skills acquired by STEM OPT students, as well as their knowledge of markets in their home countries. If this rule is terminated by some reasons, it probably will slow down the plan of those companies who want to expand their oversea business as lack of directly markets knowledge from graduated international students. And also it's definitely a huge disaster to most US high-tech companies, like Google, Apple, Intel, Facebook, etc. Because they are support