It is just unbelievable that there's even anyone who stand against this bill. OPT is not just an program that give international students chances to practice the skills they have learnt in college, but also, considering the situation that H1b visa is more and more hard to get, an active behavior of trying keeping those people with high-level STEM skills to work for this nation and her people and society. Some may say that the pass of this extension would be harm to American citizens and increase the unemployment. However, anyone who's rational enough would see it's absolutely not true. Most of the companies that have the ability to hire OPT student and be the sponsor for their H1b visas are established by United States citizens, though there's no need to deny that companies are founded for making money, their patriotism neither. After all, they would even be willing to spend more money hiring people without citizenship is the crystal clear proof that this nation itself is unable to offer so many qualified workers to fulfill the shortage of demand. Base on this situation, we can make a hypothesis-- what will happen if this bill was disapproved to pass for real? To meet the requirement of those companies which is in high demand of high-quality workers in STEM, they will set office overseas-- in China, in India, in Canada, in Europe-- instead and deploy the people they need there. If that really happened, this country would lose a great a mount of people who can work for this country after occupy educational resources of this country and benefit others instead. This is definitely what we United States citizens don't what to see. It will slow down of the economy revival of this nation and make the unemployment even worse. 

To be clear, that's why I strongly support this bill, it is definitely a win-win policy to all of us, both United States citizens, international companies, US government and fiscal health and international students who are willing to devote their lif