Siddhartha Agarwal International students contribute to GDP of US. Statistics show that in 2009 roughly 182,000 foreign graduates of U.S. colleges and universities would have raised the gross domestic product (GDP) by roughly $13.6 billion.

Skilled international students contribute to productivity growth. International students create business. Statistics show that international students are 50% more likely to start a business than native born workers. These businesses create jobs and bring more customers into the supply chain,which in turn generates more revenue for local governments and resources for communities across America.

It is important to note that immigrants or their children founded more than 40 percent of U.S. Fortune 500 companies turning their American dreams into American jobs On the high-skill end of the spectrum, 56 percent of engineering doctoral degrees, 51 percent of computer science doctoral degrees, and 44 percent of physics doctoral degrees were awarded in 2011 to students who were neither U.S. citizens nor permanent residents. 

National Science Foundation data show that 163,000 foreign graduate students studied science and engineering in U.S. universities in 2010, up from 152,000 in 2008.
Wages have grown relatively fast in most STEM-oriented occupations, which is a clear indication of a shortage. From 2000 to 2013, analyzing Bureau of Labor Statistics data and adjusting for inflation, median salaries for workers in computer and mathematical, health care practitioner, engineering, and science occupations rose 8 percent, 7 percent, 6 percent and 5 percent respectively, even as those for the average U.S. worker showed no growth.

Vacancies for STEM jobs are going unfilled in large numbers.Recent report analyzes this phenomenon using a rich database with millions of vacancies posted on company websites compiled by Burning Glass, a labor market analytics firm. 

There are some 40,000 computer science bachelors degree earners each year but roughly 4 million job vacancies for computer workers. In all, the median duration of advertising for STEM vacancies is more than twice that of those in other fields.
If the rule is not implemented it will send false signal of visa tightening rules globally.
