The driving purpose and content of OPT program would bring mutual benefits to the two sides who involved in these program: (a). Student gets trained in U.S. (b). while the U.S. employ gets qualified employees according to their hiring standard.

However, some opposing sound claiming that this would actuate employers in U.S. to hire foreign students over native American employees.

Is this claim true? As I am in the IT industry for a couple of years. It is hard for me to believe that a company who is aiming to keep their competitiveness and excellence would want to hire employees only because they are "cheaper". As an employer, it is always the tech-related skills that should be concerned. As an insider, I can be responsible to say that a interviewer who made the final call when making hiring decisions wouldn't want to care your immigration background while testing your skills. Only those HR would collect those information, but it is not them to make the decision.

So the opposing opinions rely on a false presumption! They claim immigration policy should serve in the interests of American works and OPT is against them. But OPT is not an immigration policy nor being against them. They should be opposing H1B visa policy, or even green card policy, rather than focusing on OPT.

As I understand it, those opposing sound simply want to prevent their competitors to be hired in order to get higher chance of employment. By restricting the "competing peers", would those native American employees who gets job by doing this fit the role then? Nobody can tell. There is a high chance that canceling OPT would expel quite a few high-skilled employers out of U.S. If that is the ultimate benefit of U.S, let it be. But apparently, keeping elites inside their country fits every country's ultimate benefit, with no exceptions to U.S. 

I know there are many factors affecting the decision making. But I have only one last comment, please don't take account of the opinions from those complai