I do strongly support this extension. This program will not only benifite STEM international students well trained in US universities and graduate school, but also benifite US technology companies. Companies usually spend a few months in training a new employee. Without the extension, there will not be many company want to give any oppotunities to well qualified international candidates a try to test their quality and talent. With this new rule, companyies can hire F1 non-immigrat student for up to 3 years without worry about sponsorship. They will have enough time to exam and train international students' skill to provide the biggest benifit for their company. It will be a win-win game. Both US technology comany and F1 international student will be benifit. The 21st centry is high technology centry. New technologies are emergying every day. Every country is competing to attract well trained STEM students to advance their techonololy. The developement will directely improve economics and provide more working opptunities to feed back US. It has been proved that many immigrations coming from F1 international students succeded in this way and it will definitely will have more of this kind example taking place. I believe this rule will be very positive for the future of this nation and I strongly support this extension.

Xiaoxing Lu
I do strongly support this extension. This program will not only benifite STEM international students well trained in US universities and graduate school, but also benifite US technology companies. Companies usually spend a few months in training a new employee. Without the extension, there will not be many company want to give any oppotunities to well qualified international candidates a try to test their quality and talent. With this new rule, companyies can hire F1 non-immigrat student for up to 3 years without worry about sponsorship. They will have enough time to exam and train international students' skill to provide the biggest benifi