Akshay Mittal I support the decision of expanding the OPT extension to 24 months. F-1 students have always been a great population in supporting the science and technology fields of US. However, it has been hard for students to pursue a chance to get optional training because of their student status even given a 12 months period. The expansion of the OPT extension period to a 24 months will be a great support to these students who want to get some training after getting the degrees in STEM fields. Therefore, I hope this decision can be approved!

I fully support this regulation. America's economy significantly relies on high-tech industry. One of the most important factors that America has world's first class high tech companies is that it has access to world's brightest elites. I work for a famous high tech company in silicon valley and I have numerous colleagues who are from different countries. They are all smart, nice and hard working. Without them, I can't imagine the company being same great. Some people oppose to the regulation because they think having too many immigrants will lower the wages of employees but this is not the case. If you come to silicon valley, you will know how much a company is willing to pay for a talented people and how hard it is for them to find one. There are too few rather than too many talents to support this industry.

Given the current H1B situation, many talented people are forced to leave the country when they lose the lottery. How can those high tech companies continue to be advanced if they can't hire the most talented people? These people are irreplaceable and they are NEEDED for high tech industry. Therefore I will strongly support this rule.

Extending it further to 36 months would be great . It improves the professional experience of international students working in the United States. I strongly support this and a 36 month STEM OPT extension could be much better. If students got more time in their opt then most of the companies would likely apply for green cards directly and that would make sure the talented and experienced people could stay in United States which is necessary for creating more jobs and generating income to United States.Also this would reduce the competition for the H1-B visa lottery.
