I strongly support this new OPT extension rule because it is beneficial to both the US and the international students.

I am an international PhD student in electrical engineering from China. Before I came to US, I had multiple options to purse my PhD degree in US, Singapore, Hong Kong and Europe. The most important reason I chose to study here was that US could provide me the industry training opportunity during and after my program. The OPT extension is very attractive to international STEM students. Without this OPT extension rule, I cannot believe US could still attract so many STEM talents from all over the world every year to contribute their knowledge to this country and I probably would choose to study somewhere with better policy for foreign STEM talents. If this rule is revoked, it will be a huge disaster to most US high-tech companies like Google, Apple, Intel, Facebook, etc because OPT STEM students have already become the most important workforce in their research and development (R&D) teams.

12 months regular + 24 months extension is also a proper period for OPT STEM programs. Based on my previous work experience at Texas Instruments in Shanghai, China, most significant R&D projects take at least 2 years. If the OPT extension time is too short, those in OPT STEM working on such projects would not be able complete their projects, impeding both the release of new products of the company and the technological advances of the US.

As I'm a Chinese STEM student and was born and brought up there, I would return to China eventually. Before that, I would like to apply my knowledge learned in the US to US high-tech industry development. If I have about 3 years work experience in the US, I will be competitive in the job market of China. This is also a reason that this new OPT rule would benefit both US high-tech industry and international STEM talents. 

In conclusion, the OPT STEM extension policy are significantly beneficial to both the US and its internation