I strongly SUPPORT the proposed rule. The new proposed rule will benefit the F-1 students, but most importantly, it will benefit US Education and Economy. 

A lot of international students choose US as their dreams of learning knowledge and techniques overseas over other countries because of OPT and OPT STEM Extension. Students know that they need to step into the real work field to have practical training and then call that as the ultimate completion of their study. US universities will definitely be more attractive which will lead to a significant number of talented international students coming to US to purchase their degrees. So OPT and OPT extension helps a lot to keep US universities competitive in the world. 

Speaking of the duration of the OPT STEM Extension, the 24-month period is necessary since lots of the projects take more than 3 years to complete. Take a software project for example, it needs requirements gathering, structure design, system design, actual implementation, testing and fixing bugs. And usually there will be back and forth between each steps for requirement changes, performance improvements, etc.. One year is definitely not enough for a student to be fully trained with all these skills. 

International students are important contributors to US economy. Hiring international students is not decreasing the job opportunity for US citizens. Indeed it increases job opportunities for US citizens. Now there are a lot of outsource companies in other countries. US companies assign jobs to those companies which usually cost less but with lower quality. If all international students go back to their counties and join those companies, they will make those outsourcing not only low cost(those countries usually pay less to their employees), but also high quality. Then US company will send more jobs to those companies which lead to the shortage of job opportunities for US citizens. But if we keep the international students and utilize their talent and ski