Vatsal Shah 14th November, 2015

The Honorable Jeh Johnson
Secretary of Homeland Security
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I am a prospective graduate student looking to pursue my higher education in the United States . Being an international student, I will be strongly affected by the Proposed Rule.

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. I'm particularly excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months.

OPT and OPT extension is important to me because it provides me the opportunity to gain valuable practical experience post graduation. Moreover, it will allow me recover my costs of education. Being funded by my father, and supported by an educational loan, I find it incumbent to recover costs incurred during my education. Also, being trained and mentored by an organization over a period of 24 months will be beneficial for both my personal and professional development. It will provide me with the much needed exposure to a global working environment. I do not believe that the proposed rule is in any way endangering American jobs. Instead it is providing an equal opportunity to international students in the United States and in turn contributing towards improving it's economy. 

I am very concerned with the possibility that the ability of students to make use of the STEM OPT Extension might be disrupted by recent court actions, upcoming court actions, and delays in this rulemaking process. I commend DHS for working quickly to prepare this new Proposed Rule.

I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to F-1 students.


Best regards,

Vatsal Shah 
Prospective Graduate Student in USA
