The dissenter argue that the reason, tech companies support the rule of extending opt supported, is totally out of their selfishness, they just don't want to pay the wage it takes to keep good qualified people.

They assumed three things, 
One is there is enough qualified people to meet needs of development of global technologies. 
Second is tech companies are ripping off tech people by reducing their salaries. 
and the whole stuff is bad if they have any attempt to reduce their cost of operating.

Unfortunately opponents are wrong. The truth is we lack qualified people who graduated with stem degree. That can explain why so many job openings about computer programmers, why techs compete each others on offering high salaries and bonuses, to recruit great tech people, and why they support the rule of extending opt to hire more foreign stem students. 

Today, global competition is not only about cost but also about space and innovation. While most entrepreneurs are chasing profits, before they reduce cost they should first create value. Larry Ellison of Oracle said it best when saying, "When you innovate, you've got to be prepared for everyone telling you you're nuts."
Technology markets especially are brutally competitive and relentless in their innovation. You have to innovate. If you're in a profitable market, you can be certain that someone else wants a piece of it, if not all of it. You never know where your competition is going to come from-whether a large multinational or a two- person startup, your enemies or your partners, within or outside your industry. You need to keep innovating in a way that makes your product increasingly valuable to your customers. Adding features and "neat" technology for their own sake rarely helps you-your technical innovations may be exceptional, but may not mean much to your customers. Again, value is in the customer's eye, not the vendor's. so you need to try, of course it could fail, it is still possible you could success. All t