First time I heard that the OPT extension for STEM have been cancel, I felt very upset. Thanks to all the people who made efforts the OPT extension, it is finally coming back.
Yes, I'm an international student who is benefited by this rule. But I believe international students are not the only group who get benefits. When I prepared to pursue a further education at US, I prepared over three years (much more than that if considering the language learning and information collecting). I spent at least three hours everyday for 9 months, no matter holidays or weekends, preparing for the exams like TOEFL and GRE. At the same time, I had to make efforts on my graduate study as well. Also, the tuition fees, application fees, exam fees are six times expensive for me according to the exchange rate. The question is, why did I paid so much time and money? Because the cutting-edge knowledge ,the most passionate students and the attractive opportunities make it worth the price. The OPT with a potential length of 29 months in total, which means we can get not only the academic training but also hands-on experience, is one of the most amazed thing attracting lots of hardworking students from all over the world. I can image that thousands of students will reconsider the their choice if it turns out there is no OPT extension any more. As the most important part of a university, the lose of the students, especially the passionate and hardworking students, will significantly affect the level of the school.
Enterprises are another group that will get benefits. We all know how hard it is to find a job for a recent graduate student. The expends for the sponsorship and some security concerns make the situation worse for the international students. So that a student who can get the chance to reach the OPT extension must be excellent on his/her job. Getting an excellent employer will no doubt helps the enterprises. 
Besides, the growing of the education institutions and enterprises can bring