I strongly support the proposal because it is necessary and important for the U.S. to maintain its leadership and competitiveness in research and technology. I will first address the benefits of having the OPT STEM program and then point out many flaws in criticisms against it.

OPT STEM program creates job and value-add for U.S. economy. There are approximately 900,000 international students studying in the U.S., and they pump $27 billion into the U.S. economy each years, supporting 350,000 American jobs. It is not uncommon for an overseas family to spend $100,000 or more per year for their child's college tuition and living expenses in America. Many of these students are attracted to U.S. universities not only because of the high education quality but also the prospects of working for U.S. firms for some time to learn the valuable skills that will benefit their long-term career goals. One year of OPT is apparently not enough to cultivate any meaningful experiences, especially for STEM fields whose research projects usually last for years. Not having the STEM option will make the whole U.S. education experience less attractive compared to other U.S. competitors who are aggressively attracting foreign talents such as Singapore, Germany, U.K. etc,...

The most important contribution of STEM students though are the new products and businesses they create after joining the workforce. According to a report by The New American Economy, 40% of the largest U.S. firms were founded by immigrants or first-generation immigrants, including many hottest tech startups. For example, Whatsapp, which sold to Facebook for $19 billion, was founded by a Ukrainian immigrant. In Silicon Valley, 50 percent of the tech companies, from Google to eBay, have an immigrant founder. 40 percent of the Fortune 500 companies were started by an immigrant or a child or an immigrant. For every 100 international STEM students who remain in the U.S. after graduation, 262 American jobs are created. 

Cri