Junwei Guan I would say that I strongly agree with the new rules assigned by DHS this time. The reasons are quite obvious and straight forward. Before I list my reasons to support the new Regulations, I would like to simplify this regulation's goal in one sentence. The purpose of this regulations is to support the international students graduated in US to work legally with longer time. 

Here I would argue for the support with following reasons based on the points view from the government, employers and the students themselves. 

For governments, the benefits are HUGE. First, they will receive more tax and fees from the employers with longer time. Also, the longer time the students stay, the more steady tax they will get. Second, the students would drive the economy locally in various ways in this case. Once the student get a good pay job, they will spend on the foods, living purchases, renting or buying the houses, cars, and even traveling. Thus, not only the local governments, but also the other local companies will be benefited from the international workers with long time permit to work. In addition, the Federal Reserve and the President also know that clear: the economy in the US is the best ever since the financial crisis in 2008. They know that for sure the more international workers staying in US, the stronger US's economy is. When we look back in the history, the international workers always dedicate a lot to the economy since the United States is built. And it is also known that the US is a country build up on immigrants from the very beginning in 1776.

From the employers' points of view, the benefits are straight absolutely. As far as I know, the STEM related jobs are most fitted with international students' major in US, for example, computer science, math, financial engineering, mechanical engineering, robotics engineering, chemical engineering, electronic engineering and etc. These engineering and scientific workers contribute a lot to the societies' economy and the boost the companies and especially startup companies to develop. When people are using Google, Facebook, iphone, ipad, Amazon, they should know that there are hundreds of thousands of international workers developing and maintaining those companies and inventing new things to facilitate the life for american people. The new CEO of Microsoft and Google are Indians, they are the great examples among those foreign worker in the US that contribute to the country and society.

As an international student, I have to say that the each person's career path and also their knowledge as well as the view of the world would be refreshed after their longer time of working experience in the US. They would more likely to accept and broadcast the values of the US. The more people favor of the US ways of doing things, the less enemies there exist in the future. In addition, most of the international workers like to work in the US since there are great work environments and the great colleagues to work with, also they are better paid and better lived in the US.

