Passing the new STEM regulation will bring tremendous benift no matter to American people but also the whole country. 

1.American is the most powerful country in the world now because its mutilculture environment. It cultivate so many genius based on many backgrounds. Foreign workers will bring intelligence and endeavor to contribute this country to be the NO.1 country now and after. No country in this world has this advantage like America. Europe has many limitations for foreign workers to work for Europe and many of these country are facing huge debt, low GDP. 

2. America is a immigrant country. Hundreds of years ago, a group of elite come from England to persuit freedom and happiness. They build this country to let people have happy life. These people make great contribution to build this country. Legal immigrants especially for foreigners who work in technology industry are educated from American colleges. They learn the most advanced knowledge and technology to serve people. They come to US to persuit a better life and the same time they are using the excellent knowledge learned from American education system. People are always worrying the BRICK countries will someday be stronger than U.S. If these elites can't work for America they will go back to their own countries to contribute their countries to be the next No.1country in the world. Let these excellent people work for US is much easier to cultivate "Native" Americans in years.

3. Foreign workers didn't stole American's work. If you think carefully, will you blame economic recession in 2008, Iraq war these significant factors which influence U.S deeply because of foreign workers? Those people who blame foreign workers stole their jobs are cowards. They are using foreign workers to hide the fact that themselves who are proud they are American are not hard working. If you are a boss, why you fire a hardworking American and hire a foreign who need money and complex process to stay legal. The reason is they