Yes, I definitely support the OPT extension policy. OPT extension can not only help the international students put what they studied to the working market, but also make more contribution to the United States.

Some people said that therere enough non-citizen worker in the United States and companies should hire more citizens, but actually technology companies like google, facebook, amazon and so on still keep hiring workers. Its really ridiculous to say no to international worker because of their non-citizenship. From my perspective, the United States should be a fair, democratic country and also each year welcome many many immigrants from other countries. If people in the United States just want to hire the people who come from the United States, I highly suspect whether the hiring criterial is fair or not because its not a competition of your qualification but your citizenship instead. Its just like the bias against black people before. I think as a democratic and fair country, this situation shouldnt occur.

Also, its claimed that hiring international students will do harm to the companies in the United States. But I highly counter this viewpoint in that companies need to hire the people who is qualified to work to solve the problems and make profit for them. So basically if companies reject to hire international students, it may turn out that the companies could just hire some low-quality local workers because they cannot hire high-quality worker from other countries. And this will definitely lower the efficiency of work, decreased the revenue of companies, and incur more expense due to the employment again.

Aside from the two reasons above, Id like to point out that hiring international students can bring many merits to the United States. On one hand, international students can better understand the culture of their hometown. So it could be much better for them to compare and contrast and come up with better ideas for the development of companies. For instanc