Regard with someone who mainly are inclined to oppose this Rule from DHS, I firstly calm down myself , then stands outside of the international students' field. I just wanna show some vivid example around my life and what I experienced.

For the proposed rules, I think let's ignore some comments with totally anger and extreme attitude but stay with critical thinking as a high-educated person should have,(that's most international students came to U.S and what they gained from the best education in the world.) 
So I list them out below for your review:

As I mentioned, the good parts of F1 visa for students is allowing them to gain real work experience after graduation, everyone want it. But obviously, it's also GOOD parts for the U.S education and labor ecosystem. For any governors in the world, WHO wanna teach and train a ton of high-skilled people out of school and let them go away instead of taking them into contributing and serving for their country. Smart govern would say no I guess. (Sorry, international student are not like Mexcian illegal immigrants with unfilled status, they has legal right and right now just wanna work for U.S, serve for U.S a bit longer time. THAT'S IT). 

And let's go back to think about the original purpose about this rule. Why the OPT exists? Why there is a extension for it? There must be a very reasonable factor that no one can ignored. That is :

The F1 OPT creates much more profits in the U.S industry and even more, there are some solid statistics shows, each high-educated international worker creates 2.1 job opportunity for U.S. citizens. That's not rumor, you guys can google it if you wanna say "Bullshit" to me. 

So STOP SAYING F1 student are JOB ROBBERS in U.S, and please noticed they are stay with their major and professions in most of technology field due to STEM , not work as McDownald's cashiers, Hotel recipients (No Offense!) 
it's really a joke to say this rule of extension for STEM students and it is NO LOGIC here for som