Jane Yu STEM program gives students the possibility to expose their talent and skills. If only students have more than 2 years training experience, they could actually learn and bring the skills back to their countries and apply. Therefore, students need longer OPT extension time for their training after graduating. For example, Uber has a China Growth department now only focusing on Chinese market. Let's say if a talent engineer student gets training here in the U.S., once he/she returns back to China, he/she could still contribute to Uber. Otherwise, if the student only gets training less than 1 year, how can Uber trust them and let them work in China. How will Uber be successful continuing business with China, the fastest growth market in the world. If STEM program gets cancelled, students will not get enough training before they go back own country and apply their skills they learn in the U.S. 

Some people think OPT extension is unfair. However, please pay more close attention to the requirements. Only E-verified companies have the right to give OPT extension. In that case, students who get OPT extension need to be smart enough in order to get this spot. When competition exists, you have to face the jungle law of capitalism. Companies need most talented people to complete their missions. It is very fair for both local Americans and international students since this competition is for everyone not just some groups of people. Just because companies open positions for anyone, it is the time to be on the same platform and show your talent. If OPT extension gets cancelled, a lot of companies are afraid to train international students because the time frame is too short and once students start to contribute, they have to leave. If that is the case, U.S. companies will not have enough work force to speed up company operations. I believe that, if OPT extension gets cancelled, students go back to their own countries and contribute. Sooner or later, developing countries like China will catch up the speed of technique in the U.S. Without doubt, the U.S. government will borrow more money from China. It will be a vicious cycle for the U.S. 

I appeal that all the people in the U.S. need to think carefully and predict the future when it comes to a big decision. Thinking about how bad effect it will bring, rather than just looking at superfacial or current results. OPT extension is the most powerful decision that gives American sustainability in items of economy and leading status in the world. 
