Zinnia Kong I certainly agree that the F-1 foreign students with STEM degrees should be eligible for the extended OPT opportunities.
While some negative comments claimed that the government of the United States is wasting money from the social welfare and medicine on the foreign employees, they certainly neglect the positive contributions from these foreign employees, especially on the field of social welfare and medical technology.
As a chemistry student specializing in medicinal chemistry and pharmaceutical technology, I am greatly to have the opportunity to receive my degree in the United States. It is uncountable that the United States has the most innovative and advanced science level in the world. However, these scientific progresses cannot become something usable and helpful to everyone without the interpretation of scientists. When I was doing my internship in a pharmaceutical company this summer, I saw thousands of foreign employees like me who devoted that night and days by the benches and tested on all these new molecules and available drugs for rare diseases. As one of the many, I came to the United States to gain my knowledge and gradually started to dream about bringing better life quality and healthier life to everyone in the world. The science we have learnt and worked on for years would be meaningless if we couldn't turn it into real treatment to help the patients. The earth of equal and justice offer us with the opportunity to make our dream come true, as the pharmaceutical companies in the United States spend the most amount of money in drug and medical research compare to the rest of the world. We foreign employees have the opportunity here to turn the science into real medicine and medial technology. In fact, the United States also has the fastest pace in medicine and medical technology innovation. 
However, if we don't get the chance to work in the United States, we, as well-trained scientists, would have to go back to our own countries, which are mostly developing countries whose government or industries unfortunately don't have the power and insight to support the development of social welfare and medicine. The money and time that the entire higher education system of the American has spent on these foreign talented young scientists would turn into nothing. 
The pharmaceutical industry in the United States will also collapse because it is currently largely depending on the well-trained and low-paid foreign scientists. As I mentioned in the previous text, the industry of pharmaceutics is greatly money consuming and labor intense. Most pharmaceutical companies cannot afford costly research and massive well-paid workers at the same time. Therefore great amount of medical researches and drug researches will be suspended. New medicines would be postponed forever because there won't be enough people to work in the health care industry and those nearsighted objectors will be complaining about not having the popper treatment or medicines for their health issues. 
As the country which currently has the most innovative scientist technology and money to invest on science researches in the world, the United State certainly has the power and duty to keep the science going forward and let eh world benefit from science. We as science student with foreign citizenships are looking forward to the opportunities to stay here to bring the science to the real life and benefit the entire population of the United States and the world. The money that the government are spending on our social welfare and medicine and turning into a much bigger wealth of medical and pharmaceutical technology output and achievement that even those objectors are receiving benefits from. 
