I support the OPT improving and expanding proposal for F-1 students. I have five reasons.

1. There are not enough well educated national students in the States. Nowadays, the competition between nations are the competition of knowledgeable persons. Knowledgeable persons need higher educations. But you could find very few national students in the graduate school of every university or institute. Most of the STEM major graduate students are from Asian countries or Mideast countries. Therefore, we need to keep more foreign knowledgeable people in the States.
2. Foreign students need more time to figure out their position in a organization and to proof their value to the States. With the current one year OPT period, talented students may not get a chance to proof their value to the States. Most cases, they will go back to their mother countries and serve there. A lot of people will transfer what they have learned in the States to their mother countries. A lot of our advanced technologies were leaked to other countries in this way!
3. It is a waste tax payers' money to train people of other countries. Most part of the STEM students (PhD students) are fully funded by university stipends. USA pay their tuition and living expenses for several years and educate them with the most advanced knowledge and technologies and finally push them out to serve other countries. I do not see any point to do it like this.
4. Extension of OPT, of course, will take some of the job opportunities from national graduates. That is the nature of competition. I believe, if national graduates are good enough, their job could never be taken by international graduates. What USA needs to make it grow is talented people that adequate for a job but not an inadequate national graduate. Without competition any country could not get better. OPT extension could make sure this competition is fair for every graduate and bring the most suitable person to an job opportunity.
5. OPT extension is good for the d