The following comments are directed at elected representatives, but all concerned Americans should be able to get something of value from them: 

Do everything in your power to stop the flooding of this country with foreigners! Your job is to represent Americans, not foreigners who are breaking our laws. You were elected to represent only Americans, not foreigners, period.

Every illegal alien should be removed from our country. These people are openly hostile to Americans and they organize and say they are here to take "their" country back. They have street events telling Americans to go back to England, or to the permafrost, or some such. Why should we give these enemies of America anything but a one-way ticket out of our country? This is not hate; this is love for our nation. Who do you loveAmericans or hostile illegal aliens?

And even if some are not hostile to us, they should still be deported. They are illegal. They have a country of their own and they should stay there and deal with whatever problems they have, just as we should be dealing with our problems, one of which is illegal aliens. Altruism will be the death knell of our country if people don't wise up quickly.

And then there are those who are not altruistic, but just want to destroy our nation by flooding the country with foreigners. A multi-cultural country cannot survive for long because of the resulting conflict. The "melting pot" isn't working, and as each of the newly admitted groups grow in number, the different groups become more polarized and hostile toward one another, and all of these new groups become more hostile toward Americans as each tries to turn the country into what they want.

You, as an elected representative of American people, are in a position to help all Americans, including yourself and your posterity, by working to bring about the following:

1. A moratorium on all immigration (legal and illegal) for perhaps five years
2. Absolutely prevent amnesty for any illegal aliens
