I am glad that DHS has finally proposed this rule. My OPT STEM extension expires in December 2015 and I was hoping this rule which extends the STEM OPT from 17 months to 24 months will be implemented sooner so that I can benefit from it too by allowing me to have one more chance at H-1B (I did not get selected last year). Still, I am glad that at least others who are not so close to end of their extension period will be able to benefit from it - my husband being one of them. He completed PhD in electrical engineering from a major university and is working as senior hardware engineer in a reputed company. But his H-1B application did not get selected in the lottery last year either and we are faced with a very real situation of having to leave US and rebuild our future elsewhere. This rule would definitely help him (and thereby, us). 

It would be great if the rule can be implemented in such a way that if people like me who will potentially be in the 60-day grace period after expiration of OPT status when this rule comes into effect can also apply for the remaining 7 months (24 -17) of the OPT extension. This would allow us to have one more chance of applying for H-1B. I have done masters in a microbiology-molecular biology combined program and I currently work as a scientist in a leading diagnostic company where I work on projects that make a real difference for patients and hospitals. My company values me highly for my expertise on the job and they are willing to do anything to keep me working there - but of course, there is nothing that they can do! I have more than 5 years of experience in this field (research + on the job) and yet, I am going to be out of work in December - it is very hard to come to terms with that. 

This STEM extension is absolutely necessary for students graduating in these times - number for applications submitted for H-1B is at an all-time high and consequently the percentage of students who are able to get selected is getting lower every 