Brandon Li I really feel sorry for those who claimed that this extension is taking away jobs from U.S citizens. This is only a TRAINING program and the quota of working visa (like H1-B) is not increased! In other words your jobs are ultimately YOURS. 

Let's face two facts in the U.S. The first one is international students in STEM majors are doing well, so well that domestic students do benefit from them in terms of academic performance, and universities do benefit from them in terms of reputation and research power. U.S universities have the best minds from Europe, China, India, etc. These minds contributed a lot to their labs and advisors, their peers and the field they work on as well. It's almost impossible to find natural science / engineering research teams where all members are U.S citizens. Why do these labs/teams choose to work with these exotically named foreigners who cannot even speak English well? Because they are good at what they're doing! When we talk about the advantages of U.S over the rest of the world, I guess technology is among the most significant and important ones. These international students are part of the blood and vessels of this country's most important organ. The way we keep this country strong and healthy is absolutely not driving them away. Without the opportunity to gain training and experience in the real industry, who's gonna pay a ton of tuition and make anonymous contribution to another country and go back with nothing but a diploma certificate? I almost forget about the tuition they paid which is important for many institutions. 

The second fact is that U.S really doesn't have enough citizens to fill all high-tech jobs. Far from enough. Lots and lots of tech companies are willing to pay exactly the same amount of money to hire those, again, exotically named foreigners who cannot even speak English well. Let's face it, the industry just need these people not because they're cheap (and they're actually not considering employers have to sponsor their visas) but rather because they are good. Can U.S citizens get hired more easily if we exile all these people today? No. There will be LESS jobs since many companies just cannot find proper people to help them support their business and are forced to shut down. With that said this country needs these international engineers and scientists working for us, and OPT is a great form. Imagine that every 1-3 years the old international engineers worked on their OPT go back to their own country and some new people come in fill these positions. It's like utilizing their power while paying them entry level compensation forever. What a great deal. 

In short, OPT and its extension won't take away jobs from U.S people. And it'll benefit the education and tech industry of U.S to a great extent.
