A. Purpose of the Regulatory Action

This proposed rule is open to literally every foreign person in the world regardless of the ability to succeed at a U.S. school. The regulation seeks cheap labor, not bright students. The F1 non-immigrant classification is available to academic students seeking temporary admission to the United States as full-time students at any established school, even in an accredited language training program. This makes every school a qualifying school. So, by definition, any foreigner who wants to come to the U.S. to attend elementary school qualifies under this regulation. This definition is so broad that anyone in the world would qualify.

OPT is a form of temporary employment lasting 48 months. 48 months is not temporary. A student can apply to engage in OPT during their academic program, known as pre-completion OPT. As stated in this Regulation and in the Immigration Code, this regulation assists the foreign student to change status to H1B and therefore be eligible to replace a qualified US worker WITHOUT A DEGREE OR EXPERIENCE.

As stated in the first sentence OPT is a form of employment. Clearly, the regulation is NOT meant for educational purposes but is an employment program only for foreign students. U.S. STUDENTS ARE EXCLUDED FROM THIS PRIVILEGED PROGRAM.

G. Safeguards for U.S. Workers in Related Fields.

Safeguards of this proposal are deceptive, and in fact are not safeguards at all. This proposal requires terms and conditions of a STEM practical training opportunity to be commensurate with those applicable to similarly situated U.S. workers. At the same time, the regulation and definitions ensure that there are no similarly situated U.S.workers. The Regulation does not restrict this to American workers or employers, but to other employers of the same {undefined} size anywhere in the world. By definition, there are no similarly situated U.S. workers, so no one will meet this definition. The employer can never be liable for repl