Part I

Comments on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, 80 Fed. Reg. 63,376-404 (proposed Oct. 19, 2015).

Background

I worked in software development for two decades before going to law school; written three books on computers and software development; testified before Congress four times on labor issues related to immigration; and written the book "Sold Out" that describes employment immigration policy in the United States, including the Optional Practical Training program ("OPT").

Comments on the Proposed Rule

1. DHS did not consider all the options.

The proposed rule states that DHS considered three options for dealing with OPT. When it was considering the proper duration of OPT, DHS neglected to consider whether non-students should be allowed to work after graduation on student visas at all. That is, the duration of OPT should be zero, rather than 36-months. The concept of allowing aliens, who are not students by any definition of the word, to remain in the United States and work is in conflict with the purpose of student visas and should be reevaluated.

DHS also did not consider the alternative of winding down OPT extensions that are already in place. The District Court graciously allowed DHS to avoid a train wreck after its debacle with the 2008 rule. DHS is unlikely to get such a grace period and is setting up another train wreck.

2. The OPT program is a solution in search of a problem.

In the 2008 OPT Rule, the purpose of OPT was to provide labor to industry with no educational justification. In the proposed rule, the purpose of OPT is to attract more foreign students by providing a mentoring program. The fact that DHS cannot establish a consistent justification for the OPT calls into question whether the program serves any purpose at all.

3. DHS is just going through the motions in this rulemaking process.

The 2008 OPT Rule, first expanding