Daniel Gao strongly support this rule. But this is just a short term solution, comprehensive immigration reform is the real solution for the long run! Americans, you don't have enough time to argue any more, you need to act immediately, China is chasing you! I watch every presidential debate, and watch the news about the congress, I am really worried about you. some rules are just common sense to do, but some politicians just block them for their political interests. sometimes, for the great interest of all people, you must sacrifice certain people's interest(this is the truth, and your politicians don't want to tell you). when the total economy grow, the whole country gets stronger, eventually every one will get benefits including the ones who sacrifice before. This is what China is doing right now, they are doing their best to regain the No.1 ranking country in the world and every one is putting their country first. China grow at 8% GDP per year now, 6-7% for the next 20 years, and USA at 2% for the next 20 years! when their economy scale is 3 times of America's, when their military budget is 3 times of American's, they are gonna write the rules of how to do business, and your allies are gonna lean toward China, everyone is gonna learn Confucian. and every Chinese is gonna benefit from a strong country including people who sacrificed before.

you can easily break one chopstick, but hardly break 10 chopsticks together, your congress needs to put the whole country first and stop the political games! when you play, when you argue something for 10 years , 20 years, 
your competitors act decisively, their choice may not be the best, like good 70%, bad 30%, they still gain 40%, you gain nothing, because you quarrel all the time! This is why you need new immigrations, why you need options from a outsider! from people with different philosophy! As a outsider, I am really worried about your political system. you people are in this system for too long! your people are listening the same stuff for too long and stop thinking any more!

Think about it, some republican disagree every word Obama say, use your common sense, this is absolutely wrong! This kind of congressman should be treat as treason!your congress are sabotaging your country! The best solution is already sitting in your congress, the bipartisan immigration reform leaded by 
8 senator/congressmen. Give the illegal immigration path to become citizens, raise the H1B cap, import more highly educated immigrations, let them get green card more easily.Just because speaker John Boehner doesn't allow to vote, this proposal died, and you have to argue about immigration for the next election circle, wait the solution for the next 10 years! and meanwhile, China grow at 8% and they are laughing at your politician's quarrel like a reality TV show.

Block this opt extension proposal, reduce H1B CAP, make those PHD'S getting greed card more harder, send them back to China to open a new silicon valley.
I'd be happy to watch American dream die and happy to watch everyone to learn Confucian in the future.

thanks.
