This is Definitely a good proposal which not only attract more excellent and skillful international students to devote their knowledge to all kinds of industries in America, but also fully present the spirit of Constitution, which provides equal and freedom environment for everyone in America. I graduate as a law student, I don't benefit from this proposal, so I have pretty objective on this proposal. 

First, you can simply ask those high-tech companies whether the extension of OPT is a great idea. I bet 90 percent them will support it. There are too many international students who specialized in math, computer science and any other related subjects commit a large part of efforts to those high-tech companies. But since recently, getting a H-1 visa has been as difficult as wining a lottery for international students, how would those talented students stay, and contribute their efforts to America. The extension of OPT will help a lot, and provide them more chances to "win that H-1 lottery." Besides, the United States benefit from the extension of OPT in the long run. Instead of allowing talented students to work in a competitor company in another country, why not keep them for ourselves. If they can bring more revenue, and strength our country in scientific, economic and educational field, why would we still stubbornly focus on there nationality. Some people dislike the proposal cause they are afraid that international students will occupy their labor force. However, If you are really talented and knowledgable American, why are you afraid of the competition from international students whose first language are not even English!

Second, the Constitution tells us that "the People of the United States, in Order to form a more perfect Union, establish Justice, insure domestic Tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general Welfare, and secure the Blessings of Liberty to ourselves and our Posterity, do ordain and establish this Constitution for the United