Extension of the STEM F-1 student OPT will be beneficial for the US economy and our global competitivity in longterm, considering the fact that free labour market is always the most powerful tool for industrial growth and innovation. The prosperity of the high-tech companies in the recent years is high rely on the inputs of high-educated talented young people from Asia and Mid-east. Those who came to US as a STEM student, as myself did twenty years ago,are mostly the top brains in their own countries and have a believe of American values. Expanding the OPT for these STEM student is a way to ensure the dominant position of our global technology leadership and a respect to our country's immigrate heritage.

The concern of the equal job opportunity is increased, which is a primarily due to the growth of job market itself since 2010.It is irrational to blame the international F-1s of making the job market intensive. People simple rushed to the market because the economy got better and they believed they should find a job easily but the fact is so many people believed the same thing! Another fact we should notice, according to my own recruiting experience, (my company is well-known of hiring new graduate from universities in the bay area), the ratio of US new grads vs. international new grads who got the offer (about 1 US:2 international) is at least doubled compared to the ratio of students who apply for it, those who lined up and submitted their resume to me in the campus recruitment (1US: 4~10international). This actually shows, the job market are in favor of our US citizens, and the fact there are still more internationals being hiring is simple because there are more young people from other countries who prefers to work in the STEM majors compared to our child.

In fact, the equal job opportunity for US citizen is not in conflict with the extension of STEM F-1 student. Instead of using restricted immigration laws to block the competition from international student, 