I read comments for this proposed rule. Many people think the increasing number of foreign employees will result in unfairly low wage. However, according to the US news data, this is not the truth at all. I worked as a teaching assistant for three years while in university. Therefore, I can easily tell that since 2011, the ratio of international student in my major computer science was greatly increasing. Before 2011, the sections I taught may only have three or four international students out of 24. However, after 2011, it was very common to see eight or nice or even more international students in my sections. According to their theory, the average wage should be lower and lower, or at least stopped growing. However, from the data on US news (http://money.usnews.com/careers/best-jobs/computer-programmer/salary), we can easily tell that the average salary was growing well. Especially, after 2010, it became even much better. 

So does international employee really lower the salary? I do not think so. But why do some people have such a thought? From my own experience, I think the reason may be that they do not work hard enough. In my sections, most of the international students could achieve better scores than natives. Therefore, they have better chances to earn jobs with better payment, which may result in not-well-payed jobs to others. In the end, these people may say that because of international students, they lower the starting salary.

In my opinion, we should support this new rules. Because with more competitive international students joining the job market, those native who really want to earn a better job will work more harder to show their talents. If you are real genius in your field, no one including your international competitor can beat you. On the contrary, the competition will always bring harder working.

For those who said that university is enough to prepare your industry career in the field of science and technology, I really wonder whether you hav