I am a Master's engineering student from Columbia University and I am highly supportive of this rule for the following reasons:

1. The US, in the eyes of hopeful foreign students from abroad, is a land of opportunity and fairness for those who work hard, and the OPT program and STEM extension is a central part that realizes this. If the government removes this rule, the US will no longer seem as welcoming to students wanting to study abroad and then contribute to the technology and innovations in the US. The US would lose in their lead of technological innovations, as more and more young and skilled individuals, instead of contributing to the US economy, compete against the US in all manners of scientific advancements, entrepreneurship, education, and public policy. In 2011 Fortune 500 companies employed 3.6 million workers internationally and they are responsible for $1.7 trillion in revenues. 

The world is always going to have an influx of young people seeking the best opportunities, wherever they are, and the US would be giving up a wealthy source of people with great skills and potential by not allowing them a chance to contribute. The US would only gain a short term, false sense of relief that there are lesser competitors taking jobs away but at the cost of long term benefits of leadership in higher education, scientific research and technological innovations. 

2. All international students are aware of the slight discrimination against them during job hunting due to the fact that companies need to sponsor them a work visa. If the STEM extension is ruled out, many companies would refrain even further from hiring international students that would only have a single chance, and not two or three chances, to obtain an H1B visa, because only about 1/3 of all applicants obtain an H1B, and they can only stay for a year or even less in the company. Also, for many high tech companies like OLI Systems, training takes 6 months and there isn't enough time to decide if a