Nothing can be more horrifying than getting kicked out of an amazing country that could have given a fair chance to the deserving candidates. I read tons of articles where students from the prestigious Harvard and Stanford are getting kicked out of the nation because they were not picked up in a H-1 lottery. Canadian and Dutch government are offering those students everything to get them to their countries because they recognize the mettle these students have.

What's more horrifying is not even getting close to the H-1 process. I consider STEM-extension as a reward to all the hardworking STEM students who put all their money, energy and time to the American education system to strengthen their mettle with the great American firms and to equally provide to the American economy. More than anything, American will lose the trust among the internationals if this STEM-extension is taken away from them.

What does not make sense to me is- a STEM person would make more money than an average American job holder, which means paying more taxes to the economy. Being an economically focused nation, I fail to understand why would America consider kicking out all these high paying individuals. I would be able to write for days if I have to point out flaws in the American immigration system but the fact that DHS has come out with a new rule before the deadline is commendable and is appreciated.

I must applaud the DHS for having put forward a rule and taking the matter seriously. An excellent proposed rule being put forward. A 24-month window would give a student more time to strengthen his training experience with a US-based firm. It would allow him or her to strengthen his position with the employer that he is working with and gives a fair amount of time before considering into a employment visa.

I'm a masters student from UNL, graduated last summer and working with a corporate. I'm currently on STEM-extension and if this rule is not passed by February, I will be kicked out. An