Hui Liu I totally support this STEM OPT 24-months extension proposal.

I was originally from China. One of the main reasons I accepted Syracuse University's offer was the old 12+17 months OPT. It would definitely helped me improve my technical skills and earn real work experience related my major, computer science. 

In my perspective, the old OPT extension policy was the most attractive benefit of US University for international students and it helps US attracting talented students from all of the rest of world. It keeps all of US universities more competitive with those in other countries, like UK, Japan, German, France, Canada, China and so on. Definitely, this 24-month extension proposal will be even bring more power to US universities again.

Also, everyone should already knows that, US is shorting of high-technology workers. A lot of high-tech companies. like Microsoft, Google, Apple, Amazon, Facebook, already tries to employ foreign workers, opening a lot of over-sea office to get more workers from other countries. Once this problem might become worse (actually it is becoming worse, based on the current reducing in-school high-tech major US students), these high-tech companies will have not enough engineers to finish their new products. You might see a lot of planned projects are cancelled, while talented would be forced to get back to UK, France, China, India, Japan, Korea and doing their domestic projects. This STEM proposal would give new-graduate international students contribute 2-3 years to US. This proposal would definitely help reduce such worker shortage problem and bring energy to US high-tech industry. Without this proposal, it won't give these job opportunities back to US native, because there are totally no such US native high-tech workers staying at home without job. It would only leave a very large short of workers without this proposal. It is a great loss for both international students and US itself.

I strongly support this proposal. Please really carefully consider about it.
