I suggest to approve the STEM extension for the benefit of US.

The opposition mainly advocates that the STEM students steal the jobs from US citizens, which is not justified. First, in this trend of industry comeback, more job opportunities open up for the high-tech talents. We don't see evidence for the lack of STEM related jobs. Second, most students in STEM are not US citizens. In fact, it's not the foreigners rob the opportunities from citizens, but you, citizens, abandon your rights in competing with foreign students in these area, as they are not easy and money-making subjects.

The other consideration is on immigration. Opponents conjecture the students tend to stay longer to make time for immigration. Though whether the conjecture is sound is arguable as the ratio between the number of foreign students to the available work visa status (H1B for example) has been increasing tremendously in recent year, let's assume they are right - the students in STEM extension have stronger immigrant intent. US is a nation founding on immigrants. It always needs to balance the benefits from immigrants ant original citizens instead of simply shutting down the doors for immigrants. Almost every country wants to introduce high quality immigrants with wealth, technology, or knowledge. STEM students are of these high quality immigrants. They are selected as the most talented people in their motherland. Moreover, much more new immigrants to US are not from colleges like them but through the board. 

Indeed, the explosive number of foreign students do make impact on the interests of citizens. Instead of refusing them staying longer, I would suggest to keep many of them from getting accepted by universities in the first place. Many universities set a lot of new programs for foreign students for just profits. For example, I have heard about a program is full of Chinese. But remember, the money they invest here are the debts you paid from purchasing the cheap low-qualified daily pro