Improving and Expanding Opportunities for F-1 students could be beneficial, especially to help boost current economy.

Firstly, the expanding is mainly concentrate on nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees. Those students have learned the best technologies and skills in top universities. It would be conducive to American economy if the government could have them in States to assist America with technological innovations. Every single students worked in STEM field could create even more job positions and opportunities in the long-run. There is no need to be short-sighted.

Secondly, STEM students will not necessarily squeeze out job opportunities. STEM field usually requires students with adequate knowledge and techniques in this field. Therefore, the competition mainly occurred among students in that specific filed and simultaneously, international students are surly less competitive with native Americans on the same level. Even if the company truly hired some outstanding and talent students, isn't it a fortunate for America to have another Albert Einstein? Is sending Einstein away for the purpose of employment rate really advisable?

Thirdly, the longer of OPT, the lesser a student will require for the salary. Usually, very competitive international students will get a job within a month or two after graduation while less competitive students urges for more time. Therefore, they will decrease their requirements for salary with time goes by. As a result, these students will finally choose to go to some small companies or some positions are unwilling to be taken by native Americans. But there capabilities can be strong and well-rounded. Still, in the long-term, economy will benefits from the development of these companies.

In sum, isn't it a good thing to make the best use of the high quality population from other countries? American is such an inclusive country which makes Uncle Sam strongest around the world. Do the protesters really feel the pressure from intern