Mike Middleton I firmly support the proposed OPT extension for STEM students. Preventing foreign STEM students from getting enough training and reducing their chance to get an H-1B is bad for American economy overall. Cancelling the extension would lead to:
1. Exacerbating the shortage of STEM workers. We do have a STEM talent shortage: "In the average large metro, 30 percent of job openings are in STEM fields but just 11 percent of the population have a STEM degree.... In 2010, there were seven job openings in computer occupations for every graduate from a relevant computer major." (Ref. 1) There are just 85,000 H-1B spots while 172,500 applications are filed for FY 2015 (51% rejection), according to U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services (USCIS). (Ref. 2) If OPT extension is gone, STEM students will have OPT up to only 12 month, which means they have 2 chances at most for H-1B lottery, in other words roughly 25% of the U.S. educated foreign STEM students who are already with a job have to leave. 
Facing such problems of STEM worker shortage, companies, under pressure to compete, will just do more outsourcing. Just look at those manufacturing jobs. There wasn't a huge low-skilled influx of labor force from China or India but U.S. lost those jobs. Companies have to find a way to do their job. 
2. Increasing the chance of these U.S.-educated talent, many with M.S. and Ph.D. from our top universities to go back to become our competitors. Funding is not a problemChina has a saving rate of 50% (as of 2013) (Ref. 3), almost the highest in the world. Also do not forget the companies looking for outsourcing.
Competition for talents is of vital importance in contemporary global world. STEM students, especially those with advanced degrees are invaluable assets rather than burden. Many of them are in the top universities and colleges with remarkable research achievements. We should welcome them with open arms.

References:
1. Jonathan Rothwell, "The need for more STEM workers," The avenue: rethinking metropolitan America (Washington, DC: The Brookings Institution, June 1, 2012), http://www.brookings.edu/blogs/the-avenue/posts/2012/06/01-science-oriented-society-rothwell
2. USCIS, www.uscis.gov/news/uscis-reaches-fy-2015-h-1b-cap-0
3. World Bank, http://data.worldbank.org/indicator/NY.GNS.ICTR.ZS
