Decisions on immigration policy should not be done by emotion, rhetoric or xenophobia but by facts and figures. 

One, immigrant students are not exempted from social security taxes. Someone like me who has a PhD and Masters degree from US, having spent more than 5 years here is not exempted from social security.

Second, it is just plain rhetoric that foreign students a majority of whom get a graduate degree are paid lower than a citizen. For one, it costs ~$5000 for an employer to sponsor a H1B to a foreign student. Second, there is a 70% chance of not getting picked up for H1B visa in lottery (2015 numbers). With such odds against foreign students why in world would an employer go for foreign students over equally qualified American employees? Unless there is a real skill shortage in specific STEM areas foreign students are never preferred over citizens. It's time such generalizations are stuck down by facts.

Third, the zero sum argument being put up here. Immigrants are taking jobs away from Americans! American jobs for Americans! Kauffman foundation study by a Stanford based researcher states 44% of Silicon Valley startups were created by immigrants. Please ship these jobs along with the founders back to their country of origin to be fair. Please send back jobs created by SpaceX, PayPal, Tesla Motors to South Africa. Elon Musk came here to get a degree at UPenn. How many net jobs did he steal? Please send half of Google jobs to Russia since Sergey Brin was born there. Some other surprising examples of immigrant founded companies are Intel (Andy Grove), Sun Microsystems, Huffington Post, eBay and Yahoo!! Would US be better of without these amazing companies? 

It is time the sane and logical voices among American public and polity make themselves heard. If not all you will hear is the vocal xenophobic minority shouting Foreigners out! The only reason many immigrants including students from top universities stay back is the economic freedom here and availability