I am an international STEM student and I will come to USA soon. I strongly support the 24-month OPT extension project.

As a master degree holder, the work opportunity after graduation in U.S. is the driving factor for me to apply for American universities. Millions of students, like me, are able to find a job in their original country. The only incentive to pay the expensive tuition fee is the brighter career following program. The suspension of OPT extension will reject them out of U.S. and it will be detrimental to the education. Lets do a simple calculation. Assume that the annual tuition fee plus housing cost per head is $ 50K. The number of international students who have the option to work domestically is 1 million and a half of them will no longer attend American universities if the OPT extension is gone. The potential economic loss will be $ 25Bn, which is approximately the cumulative fund for Harvard University since 1979. The calculation does not account for the consumption tax and any potential value that the students bring to the country in the future. Thus the suspension of OPT extension will lead to a considerable economic loss. 

Secondly, the OPT extension will create win-win solution for both international students and the U.S. employers. Students need to gain work experience to better arrange their career, while companies will like to hire international students as cheap labor for short term projects, especially for oversea business. The length of 24 months will be appropriate if the student wish to go home after obtaining enough experience and the short term business is accomplished. With the OPT extension, there is no need for the employers to hire permanent international workers for temporary projects, and in the meanwhile, they are offered an option to give a permanent contract in two years based on their need. 

The opponent states that the OPT might harm the interest of native job seekers. However, competition bring benefits as well. In the 