I think this new rule is not the best way to fix H1B lottery issue. The GOV should make more modification to H1B rule not only STEM OPT. I was an international STEM student, but I want to say something helpful for this country not only for our international students. I have seen a lot of Non-STEM graduate students from business school working for insurance companies who will pay for them 9 -15 dollar per hour for internship. If they perform well, they will be promoted to a full-time position earning from 40K+ to 50K+ annually. I guess most people of American can even make almost same amount of money. So why do you need them to stay in this country? I saw one of my friends luckily won the H1B lottery by earning 40K+ from State farm, then she can stay in America. But one of my colleague who can make more than 100K per year has to force to leave this country, because he didn't win the H1B twice. I don't mean business students who can't make a lot of money are less important than our STEM students. Of course, there are still a lot of business students out there can earn more money than us. But the most important thing is that U.S. needs to select the most talented foreigners by measuring how much contribution they can make for this country. GOV should make the H1B rules better to select most valuable foreign workers not randomly select them like our current H1B lottery system. It is not reasonable to ask the best talents in the world to go back to their own countries. 

Also I think some previous comments also mentioned ICC(India Consulting Company). GOV needs to put more investigation on how a lot of ICC are sending fake resumes to American companies. I can say all of the American companies who want to save more budget by hiring contractors are hiring contractors from these ICC. Almost over 2000 ICC in New York are target on new gradate international students which is the biggest new employee resource for them beside India. And their attraction are sponsoring them H1B 