I don't see any reason to oppose this regulation unless the commenter is blaming everything of his or her personal career difficulties to the federal governments regulation. The regulation is to allow STEM students (Notice, it is for STEM students, not even workers or immigrants) to expand the length of time for them to do industrial practice in US after pursuing a degree of bachelors, masters or PhD in science, technology, engineering and math.

Opponents constantly claim they were victims of immigrants seeking for jobs in US, however, the regulation is for students, who potentially would be immigrants, but very probable of returning their own fast developing countries as well. In addition, foreign students disproportionately study STEM and business fields (http://www.brookings.edu/research/interactives/2014/geography-of-foreign-students#/M38300). Beside business, a lot of students are studying arts, design, music who are not the target of the regulation. The students are in legal status when they stay in US, so this regulation has nothing to do with the debates of illegal immigrants taking US jobs. 

Despite some opponents' personal difficulties, biases or misunderstandings of the regulation, intended or unintended, this regulation is beneficial to many fields, industries and institutions a lot. It is a very simple logic that anyone can follow immediately. First of all, if any markets were to maintain a healthy, if any economy were to pursuing growth, the fair competition is the foundation. Eliminating the possibility of foreign students to work in US, would make the job market has less competitors and therefore decrease the vitality of the STEM companies, who in the end have to hire more and pay more to unqualified workers to remain competitive in international market. Once companies cannot afford this, the companies die and the jobs would disappear. 

On the other hand, all companies that support foreign students with OPT stem, they have to pay for it. Each comp