Why After 24 Years of Calling the US Home, I Will Be Forced to Leave:
My name is Jenny Choi. I'm 30 years old and am a Korean-American woman. My family and I immigrated to the United States in 1991 when I was 6 years old. My dad wanted to go to grad school in the United States, and he wanted to share the experience with our whole family (my mom, my little brother, and me) so we all came together. After he finished his master's in environmental engineering at the University of Missouri, my parents were faced with the decision of staying in the US or going back to Korea. After weighing many factors, my parents decided to remain in the US and work towards getting permanent residency. This decision was made in 1997, and our family moved to Seattle, Washington. When I turned 21 years-old in 2006, I was no longer eligible to be a dependent of my parents' visa, so I had to apply for my own visa to stay in the country. The only visa I was eligible for was the F-1 visa. In December 2014, I graduated with my master of public administration from the University of Washington. I was able to find a job with a nonprofit that was willing to sponsor an H-1B visa for me. I started part-time as a case aide for the agency Asian Counseling and Referral Service (ACRS) in Seattle and became a FTE as of February 2015. Sometime in June, I applied for a program manager position through the proper channels. I made it to the final round of interviews. My department director informed me that it was down to another external candidate and me. At my final interview, I had 7 supervisors from my department on the panel. The following week after my interview, the department director (Gary) called me to his office. Gary informed me that he had both good and bad news to share with me. Gary informed me that the panel of 7 supervisors (which included Gary) had unanimously picked me to be the program manager. However when he told the HR director at ACRS, the HR director claimed that there would be a lot o