I want to address three issues here.

First, thanks to this new OPT STEM extension regulation, STEM students can now stay for a longer period in the US, and get better opportunity in succeeding their career. But this isn't directly related to the H1B/green card. This STEM extension only puts STEM students in a more time-favorable position in acquiring the H1B visa through the now fiercely competitive lottery. WITHOUT the STEM extension program, the majority of STEM postgraduates working in the US will be replaced by non-STEM counterparts such as law and commerce majors within a year due to the limited number of H1B visas, which, shouldn't be what the country really needs. America owes its success today due in large to being able to attract world-class scientists and engineers, who would be considered STEM postgraduates. Given the limited number of H1B visas, I think it would be crucially beneficial for the country to spend those visas preferably on those individuals who possess talented skills in science. And this should be a very good reason for proposing the STEM extension. The majority of STEM postgraduates are talents from across the world, and thus an invaluable asset that America shouldn't miss. Without the STEM extension, STEM students, especially those with PhD degrees will be treated equally as other non-STEMs, which will also greatly discourage themselves and their successors.

Second, in my own case as a future postdoc, with/without the OPT STEM extension does make a lot of difference. Without the STEM extension, postdocs almost have to acquire H1B or J visas from their PIs within a year. But quite a few investigators are not willing to support postdocs with H1B visas immediately upon employment. With the STEM extension, postdocs, at least in my field would have less stress during their research upon graduation. A portion of them would also be able to do volenteer research work.

Third, my wife is also a STEM major working in a pharmaceutical company. In 