Ling Zheng As an international student in STEM I am supposed to support the OPT extension proposal. However, what I want to say here is that I neither support nor oppose it. 

US is a nice country. I quite enjoy the clean air, beautiful natural scenes, communicating with locals and people from all over the world with very diverse background. It's amazing to experience a culture that's very different from where I am from. I have been quite frequently asked: are you going to stay here or go back to China after you finish your degree ? My answer to this question has been always to be "that's it depends on where I can find a good job". If I can find a good job here, I may stay in US for a relatively long time. Otherwise I will go back to China. There are both pros and cons to live and work in either country. It's hard to say which one I prefer. I am even thinking about other places in the world, such as Europe, Australia, New Zealand, Japan, South Asia. I am willing to work and live in any nice place in the world. If there is a human settlement on the Moon, I will also like to go.

It's quite natural that some American criticize the OPT extension and think it hurts American. I saw similar phenomena occurring in my hometown. I grew up in a small place where there weren't too many people. But things changed dramatically a few years ago. The government wants to make that small place into a very modernized city. Large flux of people came in. According to the government's policy, new population will finally surpass locals. New people bring advanced skills and new culture. But the tension, conflict and dislike can be felt ubiquitously and it might take long time to dissolve although both sides are Chinese. It's such a big and diverse country that different area of China have very different culture. What I want to point here is that I am not surprised to see the anger from some American who oppose OPT extension and sort of understand their feelings.

Those who fan this proposal say that it benefits US economy and accepting immigrants is the American culture. Those who oppose it say it hurts. I am not an expertise and have no brain and energy to dig in too much. I trust those who have good understandings about this issue will make the correct decision that's consistent with American national interest. From a selfish point of view, my first response to the argument about OPT extension is that I need to work harder on my field rather than go for petition. If I could be very competitive in my field, I don't care any external policies. At the very beginning of this comment, I say I neither support nor oppose it. Why ? it's a bad news for me in short term but might be a good news in long run.

If this OPT extension proposal is passed. I yearn for a more welcoming atmosphere in this country. I don't like to stay here and being hated. If the opposite happens, I still thank this country especially my school and my professors and American friends for teaching me a lot of things and having me a wonderful experience in United States. 

