I strongly support this role.

It seems recently that the below paragraph is being copied over multiple times in people dissecting this rule:

"OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds."

And the argument is that foreign students are taking away Americans' jobs by accepting lower wages and simply want to "stay here".

I do not think this is a fair judgement.

First things first, OPT is not, by its intent, a way to "stay in the US". Rather, it is an opportunity for STEM foreign students to gain valuable experience before they return home. I know a lot of my friends who simply do not want to apply for working visa at all (namely, the H1B visa), and they want to work in the US for 2 years as a way to sharpen their skills before they return to China. Because nowadays, a foreign degree simply does not make you more competitive in the job market in China. An average MIT or Stanford graduate might earn $100,000 a year when they graduate in the US, but in China, you only get paid $30,000 ~ $40,000 if you get the same job as, say, a software engineer, and you get more competitions for each job opening. Therefore companies nowadays value experience more than degree in China, and OPT extension is a great way for international students to gain such experience.

Second, the argument seems to be worried about the social welfare being cut by the government. BUT please be aware that foreign students are making GREAT contributions to the U.S. weary economy, and the economy could only be worse without international influx of cash.

Let me show you why this is true.

I will take me myself as an example. I got my bachelor's degree as a computer engineering major in the University of Illinois at Urbana-Champaign, a top-5 school in engineering in the US. For international students, the tuition is $18,000 per semester, so this would total to $36,000 a year. If you also consid