Jiaxin Lyu I strongly support of "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students" proposal. I strongly support this proposal because as far as my concern, it is an all-win policy.

Firstly, when International students chose the country all around the world to spend their college/ graduate time, the practical training opportunities will have a huge impact of their decisions. As we all know, technologies make our world flat, there's less and less knowledge barriers nowadays, if want the students want is just the knowledge on books, there's no need to spend so much and travel so far to learn. But practical experience can not learn from books, that's the reason people want to study abroad and even spend so much and decide to leave home. I believe at this point, USA's OPT policy is the main reason make USA is the most popular destination of study abroad. Without OPT and its extension policy, I believe USA will quickly loss its advantage of the competition and be surpassed by other competitors finally loss the opportunity of the fast growth of its education industry.

Secondly, I can not say the depression of education industry will bring USA a whole economy depression, however we can see what the International students bring to USA. Education industry, for only the school tuition and fees, they spent serval thousands dollar per year. Really estate industry, every students will spend serval hundreds or thousands dollars on the house rental, we can easily find the support evidences from the rental price changes. Transportation industry, as far as I know the international students around me, at least half of them will but vehicle, at least one international flight per year, serval domestic travel in US per year, metro public transportation every day! They also need food, drink, entertainment, health services, clothes, shoes, heat etc. So, let's think, how much money they spent in US and many job opportunities do they bring to US? I believe time will be harder if so many customers or potential customers have to leave just because of the cancellation of the extend OPT.

Thirdly, these people will largely help US' high tech and high value-added industry which I think is and will be the core competitiveness of this country. As far as I know, most of the students who choose study abroad were very outstanding students in their own country, plus US' schools' admission filter, the people who study abroad are expected the future elite of their own society. They are the precious priceless fortune of the human society, If they have the OPT extension, they will stay in US longer and contribute more to US, which will largely enhance US' country competitiveness in the International world.

Generally, I think US' whole country and society will benefit a lot from passing this proposal. This is a definitely win-win policy, everybody in US will benefit of it both in short time and long time.
