Hema Raghunathan A lot of the opposition to the OPT program has been around it taking away American jobs when nothing could be farther from the truth. It is very clear , from a little researching that the real threat to white collared American jobs (STEM OPT students aren't in the blue collared sector, this is purely for Americans) is the abuse of the H1-B program. The New York Times article makes it very clear how outsourcing firms are abusing the system to lower wages, drive white collared jobs overseas and put Americans out of work. Now the OPT program on the other hand, very evident from the data available, is clearly enabling the US economy to compete globally in the hi-tech space. The folks who come to American universities for a M.S/PhD not only pay premium tuition, they also end up getting advanced training in the STEM fields from the best universities in the world. Would it be prudent to drive an Ivy League graduate back to his/her home country ? Who's interest does it serve ? Is this Ivy League/public ivy graduate with a M.S/PhD taking away American jobs ? It is the opposite. Since he/she has spent close to 40,000 $ on average on her higher education degree , this is not only allowing state schools to function , it also makes them take up high paying jobs in the field.

For one thing, wages have grown relatively fast in most STEM-oriented occupations, which is a clear indication of a shortage. From 2000 to 2013, analyzing Bureau of Labor Statistics data and adjusting for inflation, median salaries for workers in computer and mathematical, health care practitioner, engineering, and science occupations rose 8 percent, 7 percent, 6 percent and 5 percent respectively, even as those for the average U.S. worker showed no growth. Software developers, for instance, saw salaries soar 26 percent over the same period, culminating in an average of $82,000 in 2013, up from $48,000 in 1980. More broadly, an analysis I completed earlier this summer for the Brookings Institution of census data showed a large relative increase in the STEM earnings premium - about 60 percent - from 1980 to 2012, controlling for education, experience and gender. In addition, vacancies for STEM jobs are going unfilled in large numbers. My recent report analyzes this phenomenon using a rich database with millions of vacancies posted on company websites compiled by Burning Glass, a labor market analytics firm. There are some 40,000 computer science bachelor's degree earners each year but roughly 4 million job vacancies for computer workers. In all, the median duration of advertising for STEM vacancies is more than twice that of those in other fields.

Not a single comment opposing the STEM OPT has managed to break down the issue. Why are American jobs being displaced ? By whom ? Which companies are doing it ? Not a single one of the answers to these questions has anything to do with the OPT program and STEM graduates. STEM graduates are the ONLY reason , the US is able to attract and keep top talent. Scraping the program will be disastrous for the US universities and the companies who are in acute need for talent to compete globally. 

