Yuancheng Xu As a PHD student whose major is electrical engineering, i was really frustrated when heard about the judge vacated the 2008 rules allowing 17 months of OPT time and would be put in place from Feb.12, 2016. The main reasons are as follows:
1) As an engineering student, it is so hard to find a job that could perfectly match to what you do and study in school, and needs sometime to be familiar with the work in the industry and apply the knowledge from the school. It is good for the student, and even better for the company. After some period time, the company can find out whether they get a student with a good matched background to the job.Besides, they can have more time to help their employee apply for H1B visa. I have seen lots of cases that the companies lost their employee just because they couldn't help get their H1B visa in the lottery in one year(this kind of employee who already have jobs should be given more chances(years) to get H1B).
2) It is apparent that a lot of engineering work have been done by the people from all over the world. They come here for a reason, which is just a simple dream, American dream, do what they want,contribute what they wanna. However, terminate the OPT extension means close the window of American Dream from theirs, which is really unfair for the people who study hard and work hard here. And less than 50% engineers can get H1B visa in one year, it will be more worse if vacating the extension because more people will apply for the visa in one year.
3) I have to say the american culture is to encourage talent people to come and contribute here, if the OPT extension has been stopped, most of smart people who get the high education here will lose the faith and have to go back their countries, which is conflicted with american culture itself.
4) For myself, i am an electrical engineer student and spend years doing research in antenna design. I hope i can contribute my knowledge to the society such as enabling the hologram to integrate with really life, which only few companies are doing work in this area, but they are all in US states. The OPT extension could give me enough time to get used the life in companies, which is total different from school's, and give me more time to apply H1B visa.
I think the OPT extension not only benefits the foreign students, but also are extreme good for the country itself, because america needs more talent to do the cutting-edge work for the world. 
