Yang Lee I strongly support the OPT extension for following reasons:
First of all, one of the core of American Soul is to embrace the diversity. It is one of the most important thing to our sustainable economic growth. Our country is not the strongest one back in 1900s. We are strong because we stay hungry and stay foolish. We learn from the world so that we can lead the world and be the best. STEM is the area that we need more diversity to advance our achievement. I'm not saying that foreign workers have superior skills over local workers. Different culture would provide different advantage and disadvantage here. For example, in my experience, generally speaking (not in every case), Asian STEM coworkers are better in math while their local counterpart are better in critical and creative thinking. The best way to work is to team up and increase the diversity so everyone in the working environment can benefit from it. This OPT extension is one of the perfect stimuli to build such an environment.
Second, as a STEM student in OPT extension, I've been through dozens of interviews for job hunting. I never experience preference on foreign workers. I have been turned down couple of times because I am not a US citizen. I agree that local workers' welfare is one of the most important considerations. However, being overprotective could also means disaster. China in 1900s and Argentina in 1970s are two good examples. Overprotective industries were proven not the best choice for long term economic development. United State are currently on shortage of qualified STEM workers. My lab has two opening position for a few months, but still not filled up yet. The idea of extend OPT period can definitely help on this. Since that, I have every reason to believe that government is trying to be overprotective on local workforce if this bill is not passed.
Third, oversea education is an important source of financial revenue for US. International students contribute over 27 billion dollars in 2013-2014 academic year in only tuition and living (renting and eating). Much more induced contribution to the economy were helping US recover from 2010 recession. One of the consideration to study in US is the chance of get working experience after graduation. A tough H1B lottery in 2015 is preventing a lot of students from coming to US. My school suffered approximately 20% of loss of incoming students this year. It could be worse if the problem still exists. An extension for OPT can help potential students to get back to US for higher education.
Last, the under-waged and overloaded work issue. Although I didn't experience anything like that, I can understand their feelings. Please allow me to guess that most of mistreated international STEM students are aimed for H1B visa. Those people who are interested in H1B visa will have no choice to switch job if they worked an "evil" company, since the current OPT policy allows only one year of work. Not a lot of companies would like to pay for H1B visa fee for you if they know you well. The new bill offered an extension to people which will provide more flexibility for people like these. They can choose to leave the company if they feel mistreated. It will have positive effect on current issues.
