I am sick and tired of our capitalist system not having strict rules on the sizes businesses can attain, diversity of industries one business can operate, mega-mergers that create super powerful businesses that can buy off government to get what they want despite the needs of the United States and her citizens.

I am in favor of capitalism as long as the processes involved provide equal opportunities to everyone that wants to operate their own business. American exceptionalism was produced from Mom & Pop shops that provided their signature products and services to the people of their communities. Even if they were successful to the point of garnering growing interest in their products and/or services they should be expected to continue to improve them and grow larger markets, not diversify and produce different products or provide different services and become something they were not just to make increased profits while leaving the employees that supported them to success drop by the wayside as expendable for the sake of profits.

Businesses should be held to profiting only from the value they add to a product and/or the actual work they do while providing a service. It must become illegal to make profits on the work of others. For example, a manufacturer should not be allowed profits on a product bought to be a part of a final product to which they do nothing to add to its value and use it as they received it from its manufacturer. Eq. An engine manufacturer buys spark plugs to put in his engine. He should not make a profit on the spark plugs.

Employees with manufacturers and service providers that have been with the company for many years and have been involved in many or all of the processes utilized to make products and/or provide services have become part of the processes in which they have been involved. The learning they have experienced while on the job that enabled them to fine tune what they do and make their products better than they would be if another 