Phaneendra Nalla I strongly support the OPT STEM Extension for various reasons.

1. Most highly-educated and intelligent international students in the STEM field rely on the OPT extension to work in the United States. Once they obtain the working visa, they will be able to contribute greatly to the tax income of US government, research and develop cutting-edge technologies and diversify the society.

2. If OPT STEM extension doesn't come into existence, I think many of the workers should leave the country who are working here for some brilliant companies. This would create an instability in the country and the growth might just get halted. This is certainly a dangerous threat and the government shouldn't allow that to happen. 

3. Also, from the students perspective, they don't find it encouraging any more to come here and further their studies. This would decrease the revenue of the country and is not a good indication. Countries that shut their doors to highly-skilled foreign workers ended up suffering from the stagnation of the economy. America should rely on the introduction of foreign workers to continue to be the greatest.

4. I see people saying that this may relatively decline the number of opportunities for the citizens of this country but it is in the best interests of this country to gather the most skilled workers in their tech industry. In fact, it actually creates a very healthy competition between the non-immigrants and the citizens over here. This certainly helps the nation to advance in the field of STEM.

5. As a matter of fact, it is much harder for an international STEM student to find a job than an American STEM student. International students have cultural and communications barriers which put them at a much lower hand during interviews. Furthermore, most companies prefer American students over international students because they do not want to go through the extremely complicated and unpredictable process of H1B application. Last but most importantly, in order to sponsor an international student, the employer will have to open the job to American citizens first. Only if no suitable American candidate is found can this position be awarded to an international student. Also, US companies are NOT allowed to hire an international student instead of a US citizen for a lower wage. There is no point that introducing the STEM Extensions declines the number of opportunities for U.S Citizens.

6. I assume that the international students who reach here for their studies are highly talented and motivated. Otherwise, they couldn't make it until here. They would definitely rank top 5% among the students of their nation and it is better to make use of them rather than sending them away right after their studies. They can be considered as the cream on a cake and who would resist it.

