I STRONGLY SUPPORT the plan to be implemented in a REASONABLE way,it's fair to firstly consider the rights of US citizens. And actually, this is a good plan for US citizens for the following reasons:

1. There are not so many foreign students who are looking for a job in USA.
(1) Some of them just want to have a better education experience, then go back to their countries.
(2) Some of them are not good enough to have a position in either academe or industry, so they have to go back to their countries.
(3) The rest of them may look for a position in academe or industry, who can be further partitioned into several parts:
a. Wherever in academe or industry,some of them will go back to their countries in a short time for some specific reasons, e.g. their family members (husband/wife/parents) don't want to live outside their countries; or they have better opportunities in their countries.
b. Some of them want to be faculty in schools for a long time.
c. Some of them want to have a job in industry for a long time.
(4) Only persons in (3)b and (3)c will keep competing with citizens. However, there are two more challenges for job hunting.
a. Foreigners have worse communication skills than citizens, while communications are of great importance everywhere.
b. A H1b visa or citizenship is required for positions in many companies.
(5) Students can only look for positions that in STEM related areas. 
Finally, only a small part of foreign students are able to compete with citizens.

2. Foreign students can make a lot of contributions.
(1) Promoting the development of services near schools, especially housing and food services.
(2) Large amounts of tuition contribute to the funding, which helps schools financially.
(3) The achievements of talented students in academy can contribute to the reputation of schools, which makes the schools more attractive.
(4) The talented students in both big companies and start-ups promote the development of related areas.
(5) Positive competitions h