I strongly support this proposed rule since this is a win-win strategy for both US and international students who attained or is going to attain STEM degree in US. On one side, US tech companies rely on international students to create values for their companies, which bring more revenue and then be converted to tax for IRS. And this tax would benefit each US citizens here. For international students here, this is a good opportunity to apply what they learned in class and gain more real-world industry.

Some argue that those international students create intense competition for jobs in the U.S. In fact, this is a good thing in a long run. The competion can push the majority of our citizens to enhance and increase their skills and can give our companies more choices so as to maintain their power. As we know, citizens already have a natural edge when competing with foreigners because they do not need sponsorship and they have language advantage. We should probably blame our elementary education in STEM instead of immigrants if our citizens still find it hard to land a job in STEM field with all these advantages! If we let the tremendous amount of skill-equipped human resources outflow from the U.S only because of weak competitive power of our citizens., then it will be an unestimated loss to our domestic companies and to the country as a whole. If our domestic companies are no longer able to compete with foreign companies hiring more talented workers who once studied in our country and eventually lose global market share, then our domestic industries will be severely impacted and unemployment rate of citizens will go even higher. 

So, if those people really need something to worry about, this is what they are supposed to worry about: why not spending more time improving their own skills set those companies are looking for instead of wasting time leaving negative comments here? Competitions are everywhere in the world. Tech companies will never hire you if you are not