Sriram Raparla Dear Chief Westerlund:

I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students," published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.
80 Fed. Reg. 63375 (October 19, 2015)
Docket ID: ICEB-2015-0002

I was glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

I have a Master degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering which falls under STEM and I have graduated in 2014 and working for semi-conductor company - Intel . As Federal judge vacated the 2008 rule allowing the 17-month extension, from February 12, 2016. I will be losing the availability of a STEM extension from February 12, 2016 and I will be losing my Job as well. I will not be able to file an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes(i.e. February 12, 2016 as of now). Just want to share my views on how this new rule positively effects Students, Employers & US Economy. 

STEM OPT Extension should be continued for the interest of STEM Graduates:
This newly proposed rule will help STEM graduates like me to earn real-world hands-on, educational experience in a chosen industry and this will allow me to coalesce knowledge learned during my studies with practical application and skills development in a professional setting
The additional OPT time will provide me with the broader exposure to industries and organizations to aid in personality development as well as exploring career possibilities. 
Students with up to 36 months of practical training will help to have meaningful learning experience and can be assigned more challenging projects that better complement academic programs and career interests.

STEM OPT Extension Should be continued for the interest of STEM Employers:
By providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will in-return assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest strategies and techniques in the field.
This aids to promote community involvement and creates awareness of the field for future students and future employees. 
In addition, expanding practical training opportunities for international students will enhance U.S. companies by providing novel perspectives, fresh ideas, new processes, and specialized skill sets to augment the abilities of staff employees. 
Finally, STEM students will allow employers the opportunity to accomplish bigger projects, achieve more innovation, and develop new products and technology, all of which will further fuel the U.S. economy.

STEM OPT Extension Should be continued for the interest of US Economy:
US is a dynamic and powerful economy which can expand and accommodate many STEM jobs.
Skilled immigrants' contributions to the U.S. economy help create new jobs and new opportunities for economic expansion. Indeed, foreign-born students who graduate with an advanced degree in STEM fields from U.S. universities positively impact the U.S. economy and employment opportunities of native-born workers.

With growing demand of H-1B, cap-gap relief is essential to avoid gaps in work authorization between the April filing window and the October start date of the H-1B visa.

To conclude, without a clear path to stay in the United States, foreign students will fuel innovation and economic growth in countries that compete with the American economy. But with this positive step to implement STEM OPT Extension to 24 months helps Students, Employers as well as US Economy to improve at faster pace. So, I totally support this rule. 

With this letter, I urge you to support the U.S. economy by implementing this new rule by February 12, 2016. Thank you for your consideration, time, and support in this matter.

Sincerely,
Sri
