Hi,

I support STEM OPT new rule which will give justice to all international student who invested lot of money on graduation/post graduation. After approval of this rule we will get curricular practice in our field. It give chance to implement our ideas in corporate companies. Try to help in research work which will help USA to grow faster. 

If this rule will not get pass then it will affect hugely on current as well as future coming talent to USA. I got many inquire from India whether they should apply or not in USA universities? Is it right option or shall we go to Germany? I told them, we have trust on USA government procedure & they will fix this problem soon. Hope for best

As per my view, the positive & negative points of this rule are as follows:
Positive:
1) It will give right message to International student that US universities are best option to study than other country. 
Otherwise there will be great impact on future coming talent (Cream of indian talent as well as from all countries).

2) It give justice to current student who planned there investment & many student have loan on there shoulder for education. We can get good practical experience also.

3) Right now, many of us are working on research projects, also working in different sectors (automobile, electrical, aerospace,Medical field). Company provided us lot of training & if we need to leave in middle of projects. They will loose money & trained resource. In future, they will not hire OPT student also. if they cannot fill all highly educated jobs then company will have to move to other countries like India, china or Germany. If students are just doing MS & going back to there country then they can give increase great competition against USA company by providing highly educated employees (MS,MBA) with less salary in India/china. US citizen may loose many jobs if company needs to shift plant to other countries due to competition. No Indian will wish that any US citizen to loose job we work toget