Please do not expand the availability of OPT for foreign students. This proposal is based on a false perception that there is
a shortage of workers educated or trained science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields. I am a Graduate 
student in IT. In my experience in school and in the workplace, I have learned first-hand that there is no shortage, of Americans 
interested in these fields of study and pursuing them. I have met many who dream of the opportunity to pursue a career in these 
fields of study but often find themselves financially limited in doing so. The students that I call my colleagues that do pursue 
these careers find themselves struggling financially through school to graduate to a rough job market swamped with foreign
workers. I often run into that same issue. Have you considered the disadvantages you are placing against American students like 
myself and many others still in school about to graduate to an already rough job market or are you simply providing more rules 
and regulations and bureaucracy for you to regulate and review as a form of job security at the expense of American students?
Please answer this question and cite and explain properly sampled surveys and research papers prepared on this. Please 
provide the Administration's official comments and any opposing comments by Congressional representatives. On what 
constitutional, moral or ethical basis can you deprive American students and graduates like myself, in order to favor foreign 
students? Please answer this specific question with specific constitutional cites as well as cites to pertinent case law. 
Please explain to me, a former student and jobseeker, who pays taxes to the United States Government, of which you are a 
part, as a "government actor or bureaucrat", how you are not unjustly an unconstitutionally disadvantaging me. I want to also 
say It has gotten to the point that U.S. citizen qualified workers are only hired if an OPT worker cannot be found. Thi