Jason Woo As a professor in Engineering, a citizen of US, I would like to say something about this regulation:

1. First and foremost, it is a very stupid and dangerous idea to kick the foreign students out of the country after spending tens of thousands of dollars from tax-payers' pockets on educating and training these students. Based on my personal experience, over 80% of my MS and PhD students are from other countries, and such a high percentage of foreign students could be seen in almost every other professors' group. Supporting an international student usually costs twice as much as supporting a domestic one, but we still have this around 80% of international students because our country has failed, through her elementary education system, to educate sufficient number of qualified students that are smart and competitive enough to work on cutting-edge technology that benefits our country and society. Usually these international students' tuition fee and living expenses are supported by fellowship that ultimately comes out of tax-payers' pockets. Opposing this "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities..." regulation is equivalent to using our own money to educate and train some smart people singled out from a highly-selective pool and immediately sending them back to help other country to become stronger.

2. My industry experience tells me that these international "STEM" students are not taking jobs away from our people. Those positions, if not occupied by these people, will be occupied by no one else. Again, it is because that our country cannot provide enough qualified workers for such high-tech positions. This 24-month training plan, together with the H1-B regulations will ensure that our country could take the most advantage out of foreign STEM workers: if our country and companies really need these guys, after the 24-month training they could stay and go through the H1B; if there is a surplus of such workers, then when the 24-month period ends, they could leave the country not adding any burden to our economy at all.

3. I just want to say what makes our country great is that we are open to excellent people all over the world regardless of their origin, gender, religion, etc. Our founding fathers were originally from "foreign countries", they came into US and built it to be the strongest country in the world. We should be open-minded and continuously offer the best people in the world opportunities to find their positions in pursuing their own happiness, as well as making our country greater and greater.

Thank you for listening to my comments.
