I strongly support the new 24 month STEM OPT rule.

(1) It is required 3 years OPT to train a qualified STEM worker.

It provides a sufficient time window for STEM students to get after school 
training. 1 years practical training is way too short for training a college
graduate to be a qualified engineer/scientist (compared with the 3-5 years 
residency period of medical school graduates).



(2) U.S. will suffer from tremendous financial loss by revoking old STEM OPT
rule and failing to publish new one. 


(3) STEM OPT does NOT take away job opportunities from U.S. resident. Don't blame at the wrong thing.

OPT/STEM OPT is for training and serving as a part of university education. The 
OPT students who want to be working in U.S. in long term has to be converted
to H1B Visa, which the major contributor that takes away jobs from local 
residents. According to 2015 data. Among the filed 215000 H1B applicants, 
only 30000 (less than 13%) are STEM OPT students. The results of 2015 H1B 
approval also shows that only less than 15% of the approvals are given to 
OPT students, the rest are granted to workers that are imported from other 
countries directly. If government want to control foreign workers and keep 
more jobs to local residents. The right thing is to issue a H1B policy 
change. Revoking STEM OPT will do very little to help. 

On the other hand. U.S. government has imposed many restrictions on STEM OPT
students. For example, the total unemployed time during OPT cannot be 
longer than 90 days, they can only work for e-verified companies, which is a
small portion of the job market, etc. Burdened by these immigration 
policies, it is already an unfair job hunting game and they have no way to 
be as competitive in many aspects as an equally good U.S. resident. If a 
foreign student finally wins a job out from such a competition, that means 
he/she is outstanding and is the person that this country needs. DHS is very
considerate on STEM OPT rule making and tuning t