Suhas Sathyanarayan 11 November 2015

The Honorable Jeh Johnson
Secretary of Homeland Security
Washington, D.C. 20528

Respected Sir,

I write to you, my comments on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Non-immigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I am an international Graduate student at the University of Texas at Arlington, currently in my OPT period. Hailing from one of the most diverse and well famed universities, many international students like myself are currently anxious about our status beyond February 12, 2016.

I have two years of research experience in the field of CFD and thermal engineering and worked in many NSF funded projects that helped me shape my professional career. My hard work and enthusiasm towards thermal science is currently helping me receive practical training in a reputed and one of the largest steering systems manufacturers in the world. With only 12 months, it is not possible to learn, apply and innovate new technologies. Time is required to make use of the practical training to the best of our abilities and skills. 

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. I'm particularly excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule to 24 months. 

So far, my graduate studies here and the practical training that I am receiving has helped me get exposure to new technologies. This has enabled me to write a technical paper, get acquainted with ground breaking solutions in the automotive sector. There is more to learn. Therefore, I am relying on the OPT Extension period for sufficient practical experience or else, my degree turns worthless and my ambition to be a technocrat is shattered.

I am very concerned with the possibility that my OPT extension might be disrupted by court actions and delays in this rule making process. A student's degree is only valued if he/she has rich practical experience. This is the reality. I commend DHS for working quickly to prepare this new Proposed Rule for the benefit of students like me. The provisions in the new proposal are fair and justified and I totally endorse it.

I greatly appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you and your department for all of your hard work and support in promoting education, freedom and peace.

Thank you.
