I fully support the new STEM OPT Extension. 

Actually, it reminds me the reason why I selected the United States to pursue my master degree: well developed education mechanism and plenty of practical opportunities. I believe that most international students came here for similar reasons. More and more developed countries offer better policies (good education/job opportunities, scholarships, lower tuition and living expenses, and so on) to attract international students, which means the future students have many more attractive options. I would say the new STEM OPT Extension is definitely a good way to boost competitiveness. 

In fact, 17 month OPT extension is far away from enough for a STEM majored student to get real practical experience. Take myself as an example, I am currently working for a healthcare software company, using my 17 month OPT extension. It took me about 5 months to finish the induction training, including knowledge in software development and healthcare area, as well as all kinds of regulations and company policies. Then after the training, I did a lot of basic practice and further study. Because my code is going to save lives, I have to be well prepared (more than a year) before I get into a real project. A small project normally takes 1-2 years to develop and test, not to mention the endless maintenance. 

International students need more support on getting practical opportunities. The intern/job hunting experience is not an easy process for this foreign group. For one reason, international employees are not accepted by a lot of companies. For another reason, there are a lot of limitation for this group to work in U.S.A. for example, you have to submit a bunch of extra materials for DHS review. I appreciate those companies which give us opportunities and I am very happy to dedicate my intelligence and knowledge for them during the time when I stay here. 

Historically, international students have made significant contributions to this country,