Rui Wang I believe the extension of OPT is necessary. First, its impact on the job opportunity for normal american is really minimum since the extension only applicable to STEM students. I believe most of American students are not really interested in those areas and even for those who are interested, they might already get a couple of job offers at hand because to my knowledge, there are way more job opportunities for the natives. As for the companies, there are so many complicated procedures to go through in order to hire nonnative employees that there is no way for them to choose nonnative employees over native ones if both of them have the same qualifications. At least for the US native engineering students i have encountered, most of them would not even bother to apply for graduate programs because as soon as they graduated, they have already gotten lots of job offers. So for them, applying for a graduate school is just a personal choice. Second, just glancing through the employees of the STEM related company, most of them are already comprised of nonnative employees and it means that there will be less impact even the extension has been passed. Third, those who are in need of OPT extension are the ones who have already been employed but not lucky to win the draw. So is it really sensible for them to leave their jobs just because they are not lucky enough to win the draw? Then where does this countrys equality sits? On lottery instead of ability to work? Thats what I feel about the absurdity of this lottery system. May be the odds be ever in your favor? What is this? Hunger Games? I have to apologize for my blatantness but this is not what i have imagined the american dream is all about. I came here by my working hands and i love to stay here because of those too. At least, by extending the OPT, i have more chance to defy this absurd lottery systems because that is gonna stay here for a while. 
We came to US not because we don't like our native country but we love US more. We know this is the country which can give us hope and motivation. Please, don't let the lottery system strip us of our pursuit for the American Dream.
