I strongly support this OPT extension proposal. Here are the reasons:
I'm an international PhD student in an ivy league university. My major is genomics, simply put, my research area is to find better way to diagnose and treat human diseases. To help you better understand the importance of my research, I will give two examples here. The first one is prenatal diagnosis. It is quite common for the doctors to perform chorionic villus sampling on the pregnant woman to find genetic disorders before birth, for example, Down syndrome. However, the procedures such as chorionic villus sampling either have relative low accuracy or have certain risk to the mother and the baby. I have worked out a method that can detect those diseases with high accuracy while having very low risk to the mother and baby. I have several publications for this method and a US patent based on my research. Another example is a project I have been working on is to diagnose the Crohn's disease. This is a very common disease in the US but the current diagnosis method is not quite accurate. I'm currently finding a way to diagnose the Crohn's disease with just fecal samples and this approach has very high accuracy. These are just two projects I involved with but you can have a taste that people like me can have great contribution to the country. I currently have 14 publications and some are published in very high ranking journals. And as my research goes on, more papers will be published. My papers currently have 732 citations from other researchers, which shows that my research has been well recognized by other researchers. The number is still growing. Note that I'm currently a PhD student and have not graduated yet. I would consider myself as researcher with great potential. It is a pity and also a great loss for US if people like me can not stay here to contribute. Also, since people like me are extensively trained in many years and have highly specified knowledge and skills (I've already had a master 