Suppose one morning you ate 4 pieces of bread with a cup of coffee and you felt wonderful. And suddenly someone came along and told you that you could do without the first two pieces of bread and the first one third of the coffee you drank, for it is after you ate the final piece of bread and you drank the last two thirds of the coffee that you started to feel wonderful, and that this would save you a lot of money for you need only two pieces of bread and two thirds of the coffee. Would you agree with this person? I would say any reasonable person would not.

What it turned out, however, is that a lot of people who opposed this new regulation, are proposing something like.

Contrary to what most of the people who object to this new regulation, STEM students who are on OPTs are not "taking the jobs away" from good hard working Americans, but they are helping to provide more opportunities on the market, and essentially benefitting both these students themselves as well as American citizens. For one, in dynamic industries, especially in those that involve ever-changing technologies, new innovations and ideas, jobs are not gold nuggets lying on the ground for the taking and the more people try to pick them up the less the average is going to end up with. Jobs are CREATED, they are one of many symbols of the growth of productivity in the industry and an indicator on the health of the system, when an industry is growing, it will open up opportunities for new comers as well as people who would like to make changes in their career. Such growth is enormous in the industries where people with STEM degrees are valued. But unbeknownst to many who oppose this new regulation, is how much the international students with OPT in their hands have contributed and are still contributing to this growth.

It is no hard to find someone from the media telling people that these international students are "taking the jobs away" simply by quoting a number of how many of these students are emp