JADE ZHANG I strongly SUPPORT the proposal of the new OPT policy for the following reasons.

Advantages for having OPT extension
a. U.S. is an immigration country. This is why U.S. attracts most of the talents all over the world. If U.S. doesnt welcome people from other countries any more, they wont be attractive for these talents. They intellects can choose other countries, and devote themselves in the area they are good at in other countries that welcome people from other countries. 

b. A lot of graduated students in STEM work for U.S. companies, due to their hard work, the company makes more profit. Then the company will pay more taxes. It will help U.S. economy, and create more job opportunities.

Disadvantages for not having OPT extension
a. Without the extension, a lot of recent foreign graduates working at the U.S. companies will be forced to pack their stuff and return to their countries, which would be a huge disaster for many domestic companies. This will hold up the growth of the economy and job market. 

b. If OPT sometimes result in the hiring international students over American ones, OPT/H-1Bs benefit all U.S. citizens. Rather than pay for more expensive American workers, companies could otherwise choose offshoring in developing countries, where they can hire cheaper labors. Or they could transfer to relatively immigrant-friendly countries. That means the U.S. loses out on the tax revenues.

About some wrong thinking:
WRONG OPINION a. OPT decreases the salary level
When a job opening put on the website, the salary level is open to everyone. No matter you are U.S citizens, or non-citizens, you will get the same salary if you can get the job. It doesnt say the company will pay less to the non-citizens. And actually, in most cases hiring a foreign national employee costs more money to the corporations because these companies need to take care of their visa application fees (H1B VISA-GREEN CARD etc.) and attorney costs.

The reason why these people think they should get high salary is not because they deserve that, just because they think these jobs should be theirs at beginning, if there is no non-citizens comes. Because they think if there are no other people in this country, then they will be the only resource for all companies. Therefor they can ask for whatever level salary they want, otherwise, either all the companies cannot find any employees to running the businesses, or these job seekers probably will take to the streets to demonstrate require these companies to increase the salary level. Is this really helpful for economy? If let all the non-citizens, or immigrants leave this country, these citizens will get the jobs for sure, but due to the high labor costs, how long the companies can stand for these. All the cost will go up, grocery, clothing, transportation, service, etc. Competition will help the economy. 

WRONG OPINION b. OPT let international students steal their jobs
International students study hard in order to find a good job. When they get the job, they work hard and then the company will apply the work visa for them. After they got the work visa, they work even harder in order to keep the visa. These people are talented, have professional skills, and work hard. Why the companies/employers would not to hire these guys? Economy is all about supply and demand, cost and revenue. Market will make the decision for all the industries. 

Why Americans are so afraid of competition with immigrants? If U.S. professionals cant provide high productivity per dollar that is available on the globe market, they will face this reality sooner or later, whether its through direct job losses to outsourcing firms, or reduce revenue of their U.S. companies causing reducing hiring and potentially even downsizing. This is the same phenomenon that happened with U.S. manufacturing jobs.

WRONG OPINION c. OPT candidates doesnt pay tax
I dont know where this comes from. Why the people here think that the International students didnt pay tax. They DO PAY TAX, just like every US citizen does. The truth is once they have any income, no matter it is scholarship, a part-time job like TA/Liberian in campus, an internship opportunity to earn credit, or a full-time job after graduation, they paid tax for all of these incomes every year. However, I dont think this is fair to the international students. Because they have the same responsibilities to the whole society, but they can never get the same rights like citizens. 
