Caitlin Szymkowicz STEM available for multiple degrees, rather than a one-time offer: 

This new proposed rule allows for a student to utilize STEM extension as a back-up plan while applying for an H-1B visa, without the fear that they will waste their STEM extension. Under the new plan, if a student does not receive the H-1B and chooses to enter a new educational program after completing OPT, another STEM extension will potentially still be available at a higher level.

Mentoring/training program: 

While I understand the intention behind such a plan, I worry about the perceived burden of its execution. Currently, employers are often scared off from hiring an international graduate, simply because the intricacies of visas are intimidating, and an employer thinks of the perceived extra steps or research as too much of a hassle. Under the proposed rule, oversight by individual employers is greatly increased. While this dovetails well in programs where there is already a structured training program in place, other workplaces thrive on being able to give hires a fair amount of autonomy. Regardless of the level of worker autonomy, however, creating an added required process is creating a further barrier to international students being hired. An employer could see this training and mentorship program as just another little-understood obstacle, one that make it that much easier to overlook a good candidate. Under the former STEM extension, an employer simply had to provide their eVerify number and collect paperwork from an international student employee. With the added requirement in this new rule that the employer sign the I-910 to certify compliance with the law, it puts the new employer at more liability, which could be a greater deterrent to hiring a foreign worker.
Along with this increased oversight at the workplace, it also means that our DSOs must have more intricate involvement with helping to mediate employer issues and navigate when STEM OPT students are successfully executing their mentorship plans. Although the idea of mentorship is a good one, it is difficult to monitor and enforce from the distance of the home degree-granting campus. The added responsibility placed on a DSO in trying to coordinate (and educate) employers will be quite burdensome and time-consuming.

24-month extension:

This amendment is quite useful, as it will allow students an opportunity to apply in not only one additional H-1B lottery, but two. Given the increased competition in the lotteries in recent years, this assures that employers will not lose workers in whom they have invested quite a bit already.

Maintaining Cap-gap and ability to work for 6 months while timely filed application is pending:

These maintained procedures really help students transition well. Since paperwork processes can often get held up through no fault of the applicant, these policies allow students who have done their due diligence and followed policies not to be squeezed out of valuable working time during application processing periods. In the case of the Cap-Gap, students benefit greatly from not having to interrupt their working history between the date their Standard OPT ends and the beginning date of an H-1B visa.
