I strongly support this new Opt extension rule.

Firstly, the US government should allow international student to learn professional skills and then make some contributions to the US community. On the one hand, more and more international students come to America for further education. While getting a relatively higher education from the US universities, they will make big contributions with solid academic background and professional practice. The US government and companies can select the more talented and diligence employees, which will make the whole society more efficient. On the other hand, international students' tuition and consuming activities will accelerate the increase of the US economy. Their tuitions are much higher than local students, which better supports the academic research economically. The food industry, retail stores, real estate industry get benefits as well. This encourage the local employment in turn. Once the new stem opt rule applies, the US will attract a huge number of international students who want to learn more US culture, which definitely will improve the economy.

Secondly, this rule won't hurt local employment. As we all know, most US companies don't sponsor H1B and even don't hire a noncitizen. For this reason, most international students with a stem opt don't and can't compete for a permanent position. What they want is to get an internship to help with their future career. Do you believe internship will make harm to local employment? I don't believe so. On the contrary, interns will reduce local employees' working stress once they gain adequate professional training.

Thirdly, competition does exist but is not a bad thing. Many international students would like to come back their home country because of their families and career plans. Others may want to stay in America but it's really hard for them. They need to find a employer who will sponsor their H1B Visa and apply and then they only have 50% probability to succeed. It's al