Stephon Nesmith I strongly SUPPORT the OPT extension to be 24 months for the following reasons:

1) OPT extension is a good strategy to increase domestic consumption. International students contribute a great amount of financial income to U.S. economy each year and create more job positions of native workers.

2) The purpose of OPT extension is to give every student equal opportunity to pursue academic achievement through real-working setting and turn theoretical knowledge into practice, promoting more scientific and technological innovation. This would bring inestimable benefit to the U.S.

3) The majority of unemployed people in U.S. are mostly blue-collar workers and veterans who previously involved with labor-intensive jobs. Therefore the OPT extension for STEM field would not increase the unemployed rate for U.S. citizen.

4) Native workers in STEM fields are insufficient. Not enough qualified U.S. worker are available in high-tech intensive fields. Therefore it is indispensable to impose OPT extension to attract more talented oversea students into U.S. STEM fields.

5) OPT extension would not increase the number of new-immigrant as long as the number of H1B visa remain the same.

6) One of the most important reason to the greatness of American is the mixture of diverse cultures. The contribution of highly educated talents regardless of nationality make U.S. the strongest country in the world.

7) Most researches and projects in STEM fields take far more than a year to complete. Therefore it is important to have OPT extension to give international students enough time to fully complete their work.

8) International students usually pay more tuition than the nation's students. OPT extension can increase the financial income of universities and promote academic communication, which help these U.S. universities remain globally competitive. 

9) U.S. is a country of fairness and justice. We should give every hard-working students equal opportunity to pursue what they want and fulfill academic achievements and career goals.

10) From scientific viewpoint, a more diverse system is more stable. Absorbing students from different backgrounds would definitely increase the stability of U.S.
