Gagan Srivastava I strongly support the extension. Here are my reasons for the support:

1. Unites Stated is currently facing STEM workforce shortage. Hi-tech companies like Facebook, Google hire international students not because they are cheaper labor force, but because US workers do not pursue advanced degrees (Master's/Doctorate) in these fields.
2. Unemployment among the STEM graduates (undergraduate level) is lower in the US, however, most US citizens take up jobs in non-technical fields such as business administration, marketing, sales etc. This represents inclination of American workers towards non-engineering/ non-science jobs. Meanwhile, most international students (on an F-1 visa) come for advanced Science and Engineering degrees. This shows that they are more interested in getting jobs in the STEM Areas.
3. It is not the cheap labor that allows international students to get STEM jobs, rather genuine interest and in most cases, higher qualifications (because of their advanced degrees). Link: Refer: http://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2014/cb14-130.html
4. If at all American-STEM-job crisis exists, it will not be solved by blocking the international students from getting those jobs. It will simply hurt the companies that rely on highly qualified candidates. Eventually, they may end up outsourcing those jobs across the world. All the major corporations already have technical centers, and in some cases, even fully operational R&D centers based internationally. If they are unable to find candidates here, they would simply move their entire operation overseas, to cheaper AND more skilled markets.
5. Some students that arrive on an F-1 visa, eventually go on to become US citizens or permanent residents helping build the nation. This fits the picture of an American dream, which is the biggest reason for the strength of the American economy.
6. I doubt if the US really wants to invest resources to train students that get advanced degrees from the best schools in the world. only to go back to their home-country and build competing economies. If losing the jobs to China or India is a concern for the US economy, this would only add to their troubles.
7. Various non-profit universities rely on tuition fees paid by foreign nationals as a major source of funding. Without the possibility of a job after an education, most of these foreign nationals would move to other countries that are more welcoming of international students. The American universities will lose a major source of revenue, reducing their output and eventually hurting their prestige. Not to mention the loss of billions of dollars spent by the international students and their visiting friends and family, that used to get added into the US economy.

In the end, I just want to say that, US economy is built on fair competition. This extension gives a fair chance to students to compete and find a job. International students find and retain their jobs with their hard work and skills they developed through their education here. They have proven to be great workers and are an asset to many companies all across the US (Sundar Pichai, Satya Nadella, Indira Nooyi).

The haste in which the extension has been suspended is going to tremendously hurt the large international student body already present in the country. They came here hoping to get educated in the best universities in the world, and obtain the best "practical training" to prepare them for the highly competitive labor market. By pulling the rug from under these students would destroy their aspirations of a successful career and a happy life. Of an "American Dream".
