The OPT extension will benefit US citizens in the long run.
Here I address 3 major concerns held by some people:
First, some people think that international students are cheap labor. Wrong. In fact, international students are MORE EXPENSIVE to hire. Visa and residency sponsorships cost a lot of money, time, and resources. Furthermore, the employer also risks wasting another tens of thousands of dollars training this person, because in a couple of years, he/she has a good chance of quitting the job due to the H1B lottery. These costs way outweigh the social security taxes, etc. mentioned by some people.
Second, some people think that it's easier for international students to get jobs. Very wrong. They have to go through the exact same interview process as American students. In fact, most companies at a career fair do NOT consider international students at all, due to the complex sponsorship processes and hefty fees.
Third, some people think that the US government is putting international students before Americans. This is even more wrong. While in college, international students are NOT allowed to take any off-campus jobs. Their on-campus work hours are also strictly limited by law. Furthermore, they are NOT eligible for any work-study jobs at all. All these restrictions are in place to protect American students' opportunities.
The international students who can overcome these disadvantages and challenges are the strongest and brightest. They are the top candidates in their fields. They help numerous US companies produce high-quality, robust, and defect-free technical work, making the USA stay ahead of its competitors. If we lose these invaluable assets, we will see more competitor nations rising and catching up with the USA. The continuous contributions of these bright individuals not only make America stronger, but also make America wealthier, which in return provides all American citizens with nice houses, cars, healthcare, education, and welfare. US unemployment 