Santosh Srivatsa The STEM OPT reform is very essential for economic growth. The Bipartisan Policy Center , which is a non-profit organization that drives principled solutions through rigorous analysis, reasoned negotiation, and respectful dialogue estimates that reforms such as this would boost gross domestic product by 4.8 percent and productivity by 1.0 percent over 20 years by adding 9 million workers to the labor force while slightly increasing wages over 20 years.
It also estimates that federal deficits would decrease by almost $1.2 trillion over 20 years and make vital activities like infrastructure investment and worker training programs affordable, which otherwise are so hard to fund today.
The Partnership for a New American Economy estimates that non citizens are nearly 50 percent more likely to start a business than native-born workers. 
These businesses create jobs and bring more customers into the supply chain, which in turn generates more revenue for local governments and resources for communities across America.
It is important to note that non citizens or their children founded more than 40 percent of U.S. Fortune 500 companies turning their American dreams into American jobs
America needs a system that allows people to come here and contribute their talents and skills to economic prosperity for all. Today, there is a global competition for talent, and America cannot afford to lose out to other nations.

Reforms such as this expands the American work-force and encourages more business start-ups on both low and high skill end of the spectrum.
On the low skill end of the spectrum, non citizens account for about 16 percent of the U.S. labor force, with 24.3 percent of workers who are foreign-born and over the age of 25.
Without the foreign labor, prices consumers pay for hotels and restaurants would be substantially higher, and some agriculture might migrate offshore.
On the high-skill end of the spectrum, 56 percent of engineering doctoral degrees, 51 percent of computer science doctoral degrees, and 44 percent of physics doctoral degrees were awarded in 2011 to students who were neither U.S. citizens nor permanent residents. National Science Foundation data show that 163,000 foreign graduate students studied science and engineering in U.S. universities in 2010, up from 152,000 in 2008
International students heavily contribute to, U.S. research in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM). H-1B temporary visas for new skilled immigrant workers, limited at 85,000 annually, do not meet demand.This quota represents just over one twentieth of one percent of the overall labor force. 
When international talent, such as the 51 percent of engineering doctorate earners and the 44 percent of physical sciences doctorate earners who are foreign-born, are forced to leave the United States, private and taxpayer investment in STEM loses value.
