I strongly support this proposal. And here is what makes me drive the decision:

1. International student under OPT STEM extension are highly skilled people and we need to keep these kind of people, as long as possible. Science, technology, engineering and math highly reflects the strength of the country and students under OPT STEM extension are targeted to help specifically those areas. They are not low paid worked and they can yell high profit for their company and the nation. With more time added to the OPT extension we will have a better chance to find the people that are needed by the industry by the country and by the culture.

2. STEM areas need more skilled people and this proposed rule will help to keep more of them in. STEM areas created a large portion of the growth of the U.S. and STEM areas are among the fastest developing areas which means more talented engineers and scientists are needed. Since we don't have enough human resource to keep the pace of the industry we need to, of course, attract those skilled people across the globe. And this rule will surely help that. This rule will only help those students that can maintain a legal job in the related areas and this means they are, to some extent, already accepted by the company and the industry and that also means they are filling the gap and we need them.

3. I have seen some comments talking about this rule will affect the job market negatively but I can't agree with them. I agree just the fact that it will affect the job market. But NOT negatively. Competition does exists but it helps the Americans to keep the pace with the world. Keeping a rule to limit highly skilled worker from other countries will also mean that we are not confident about the U.S.'s constantly improving education level. Allowing certain level of competition will help Americans to continuously enlarge their skill set instead of doing nothing but hoping the government will keep those competitive people out of the country.

4. Add