I strongly support the OPT extension for the following reasons and examples that are real existing in my life: 

One of my knowledgeable professors, Dr. Jayant Baliga is from India. He holds PhD degree from RPI. He is an internationally recognized expert on power semiconductor devices. He is a Member of the National Academy of Engineering and a Fellow of the IEEE. He invented, developed and commercialized the Insulated Gate Bipolar Trannsistor (IGBT), which is extensively used in the consumer, industrial, lighting, transportation, medical, renewable energy, and other sectors of the economy. It has enabled enormous reduction of gasoline and electrical energy use, resulting in huge cost savings to consumers, and reduction of world-wide carbon dioxide emissions. He received the National Medal of Technology and Innovation, the highest form of recognition given to an engineer by the United States Government, from President Obama in October 2011, at the White House. Companies like CSR Zhuzhou Electric Locomotive, TSMC, ROHM, Fuji are completing with US companies particular in this field. Imagine, if there is no OPT. Foreign talents like him will go back to India, Japan or China and develop the new technology ahead of US tech companies and create more jobs in other counties. US will lose the leading role in this cutting technology and lose the chance to create more jobs for US citizens. 

Not only Dr. Baliga, but also many other professors, who are from foreign countries, are making great contributions and create more jobs to US. Examples like Dr. Mehmet Ozturk from Turkey, who is a IEEE fellow contributing to Silicon and Silicon-Germanium Epitaxy in Complementary Metal-Oxide Semiconductor Integrated Circuits, which is crucial to the advancement of computer technologies. He holds PhD from NCSU. With these foreign talents, there will be more advancement of manufacturing skills, making US the leading role; With skills of manufacturing these devices, there will be more and mo