In response to the proposed rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students" introduced by the Homeland Security Department, I wish to make a few brief comments. 

I am a PhD student at Purdue University. I came to US in 2008 and am currently finishing my PhD. The education provided a rich depth of knowledge in field of semiconductors. But when I recently started to apply for full time positions, most of the openings require some sort of experience. This makes me ineligible to apply for most of the currently available jobs. 

The 12 month OPT period will provide me with time to gain experience and build my professional resume. However, in order to work as a full time employee in US, I have to apply for a H1B visa in April next year. This will ensure that I can stop my OPT training period and continue as a full time employee. 

However, the allocation of H1B is done completely based on luck. The lottery system does not guarantees fairness to PhD students who spend much longer time in completing their graduate studies over MS students. Further, PhD students are a better value addition to US workforce compared to MS students. So, preference should be given to PhD students as far as allocation of H1B visa is concerned.

If I do not get a H1B visa awarded in the lottery system (which is completely unfair and does not take into account any merit based allocation of visas), I have to leave the country at the end of my 12 month OPT period. This means that I will have to leave country for a year and hope to get lucky in the lottery system next year. However, this is not guaranteed and I may have to wait several years before I may get a H1B visa. 

This is a terrible misuse of money and effort which goes towards training STEM students, especially students who spent 5-8 years getting a PhD degree. Federal government and different funding agencies spent a considerable amount o