One of the very first exposures in physics is the reality that water when frozen expands 15% and when thawed reduces its volume by 15% This has become a law in physics. When someone claims a variation or even the opposite it is demonstrable fallacy, that any 12 year old student in a legitimate education system can correct. When this level of low IQ misanthropy is the cause championed by the chosen scientist running the weather manipulation programs of the house of rothschild investors. The world must deamd such insanity be tolerated no longer. Just such a moron is David Keith, who professes the main reason he is having the world sprayed with 10 million tons of ground aluminum each year by the US air force tanker squadrons, is to prevent the oceans rising from the ice melting. What happens when ice melts? it shrinks, the oceans will go down, this insane meth apmphetamine addict called David Keith must be arrested and institutionalized for barbaric mass murdering insanity.
Day 737 of this david keith promoted lunacy of 10 million metric tons of aluminum dust haze being sprayed each year has now made it the worlds number one killer as revealed by the World Health Organization in September 2015. This process is strictly for the talmudic monsanto investors from who'm the powder is purchased at a trillion dollars a year the highest ration of profit ever conceived. All added as a forced loan from jacob rothschilds world bank federal reserve division. Now all can see what is really going on, the talmudic billionare extortionists called the house of rothschild are having the US tax payeres pay for their own and the worlds anihilation. Could beings be so insane and greed deluded? apparantely so look at your sky take a soil, water and blood sample. Prove this is so then start a mass class action suit against the jacob rothschild world bank federal reserve division. Which you will find is 1800 inbred cousins of the bauer, stearns, schiff, warburg, steyer, khun, loeb, goldman, r