
I highly support for this proposal, giving STEM student an 24 month opt extension is a fantastic idea. The approval of this proposal will obviously increase the national strength of US and benefit general people who lives in this country as well.

First of all, modern society is kind of driven by high-technology and new technology, we have already seen dramatic changes in our lives brought by high-tech idea and products. And all those positive changes couldn't even happen without the support of all the people who devoted themselves to the high-tech career, STEM one of them. And the amount of these people needed are way beyond the amount of the domestic student who are major in this specific area. So there are thousands of foreign students came to American universities to study and to apply what they learned in the industries after graduation. These students are all young, creative, talented and knowledgeable. These talents are welcomed all over the world. The reason that these people come to American is not only because American schools provide the best education in the world, is also because US provides better training opportunities for them. And in return they contribute what they learned to the industries and at the same time make US a better country. On the other hand, to many companies in the US, current foreign STEM talents are dispensable, and once the proposal is denied, all the STEM people who will be influenced will search for alternative career opportunities in other parts of the world, which will be a disaster for many companies. And for those who participate in large research/software development projects, which would last at least 2 years or more. If the OPT extension time is too short, those foreign STEM workers worked on those project would lose their VISA before the projects completion.

Secondly, as I mentioned earlier, these students are young talents who can contribute a lot either to academic fields or to industry world. On the one hand, they p