The reason why high-tech companies want more international students to work for them is because they cannot hire enough Americans to do the jobs. During the last financial crisis, only the high-tech industry stays strong and grows fast. The high-tech industry is now the mainstay of the US economics.

The United States of America has always been a country of immigrants and should maintain its good tradition of welcoming legal immigrants, especially those with skills needed by this country. I believe this is one important factor that makes America great. I know many Americans are sick of the issue of illegal immigrants and it is easy to extend the resentment to legal immigrants. But legal immigrants have made significant contributions to this country. For example, most silicon valley companies are started by legal immigrants.

If an international student come to this country legally, finish his or her college degree and is wanted by a company while this company cannot hire an American to do the job, why not let him or her stay and contribute to the economics? Companies still paying high wages to such persons indicates that these international students did not steal the jobs from Americans by lowering the wages. If you look at the STEM majors at universities, foreigners are the majority there and to be frank, most of them do perform excellently in their study.

Granting illegal immigrants amnesty and sending away outstanding legal immigrants would be a huge mistake by the US government and would weaken the US substantially. I believe this OPT extension is a good thing for the US economics and the American people. The highly-skilled foreign students can produce more job opportunities in the US and that is actually what's happening right now.

This OPT extension can help the US attract and keep more and more skilled immigrants whom are needed by this country. The laws now can ensure these immigrants are indeed needed by this country and will not hurt the American people 