I strongly agree with this proposal for reasons:

The F1 VISA holders are international students who recently attended or have been attending US colleges or universities, affording or having afforded large amount of tuition for the higher educational institutions. Relieving the problems of lack of government funding and increasing tuition fees for domestic students in US colleges and universities, they are hugely contributing to the education in the nation. Additionally, all of these international students would help boost domestic economy by consuming in different cities. Generally, most of them are educated and talented students who have contribution to the US society (with a few exceptions that choose to waste their money and time, but these cases also exist for local students). If these further educated students are able to stay after graduation, they would become an indispensable force to drive the nation forward. So this proposal, providing longer time for this group of people to seek job opportunities to make further and bigger contribution to the nation, is considerate and advantageous.

Whats more, if we pass this proposal, F1 VISA holders wouldnt necessarily get any other advantages besides longer preparation time while applying for jobs. If they dont have the ability to work in the US, could time change this fact? No, it wouldnt: the employers would be the first group to answer this question. All men are created equal, Thomas Jefferson stated in the US Declaration of Independence. The F1 VISA holders are not even asking for equality of having the same length of job-seeking period as the citizens but only trying to have one more year to get capable people employed. Obviously employers only want the better applicants, then by passing this proposal, we are in fact keeping the winners from job competition, which exists anyway with or without international students. In other words, the proposal would bring better employees in the society. If they are better, c