It is no secret that illegal immigration is a major problem in America. It is also no secret that unemployment and wages in this country, over the past several years, are stagnant due to feckless government policies on taxation, regulations and generally counterproductive interference intended to influence selected segments of the economy; alternative energy and climate change come to mind. This proposed rule is more of the same.

While this administration proudly touts its great success in stimulating the economy from the so called "worst recession" since the great depression of the thirties it has done nothing if not direct every initiative at making things worse. The reasons are many and this initiative fits the pattern perfectly.

This is a misguided effort to give well educated non citizens a benefit that effectively makes them more desirable employees than their American counterparts by virtue of lower salaries, benefits and payroll expenses (no employer contributions for FICA or Medicare). While American businesses will not complain about any initiative that lowers their cost of doing business, when that cost benefit comes at a price of higher unemployment and lower wages for the American citizen, naturalized or not, it is blatantly anti-American and, if indirectly, exacerbates the illegal immigration problem. If politicians want to increase their voter base they need to revise their political platforms and not rely on voter fraud and a dumbed down, uninformed, immigrant electorate.

America cannot wait until the 2016 election and hope for the antithesis of Barack Hussein Obama to emerge victorious. If we are ever to get back on our former, proven track of smaller government, lower taxation, less egregious and unnecessary regulation, true lower unemployment with a much higher labor participation rate, higher GDP growth, positive rates of business creation and balanced budgets, changes need to be made now and at all levels of the overbearing bureaucracy. One s