Dear Sir/Madam,

I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

I was glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

1. Options to Address Pending Applications and Students Already Granted a 17-Month Extension

DHS should minimize the potential impact on STEM students in the event a final rule does not take effect before the vacatur of the 2008 Interim Final Rule. Many STEM students chose U.S. universities for higher education because of the availability of 29 months of practical training under the current rule. It would be a huge disappointment if students would instead only be able to remain for 12 months due to a delay in rulemaking. Therefore, the following options should be considered to best address STEM students already in OPT: First, any application for OPT STEM extension received by USCIS but not yet adjudicated prior to vacatur should be kept on hold until the new rule is in place. Second, any student already approved for a 17-month extension should be allowed to continue employment based on the approved OPT STEM extension. Third, a student in the 60-day grace period following initial period of OPT should be given the opportunity to apply for a STEM extension if the new rule takes effect during the students 60-day grace period.

2. The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Employers

Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest strategies and techniques in the field. Expanding opportunities for STEM graduates benefits employers in high-tech industries by helping them to maintain connections with colleges and increase visibility on c