The Rule, which expanding training opportunities for F-1 students, once took into effect, will be a great success of the nation and leave positive influence for America on her way to a brilliant and civilized future. 

Firstly, the technology generated in the category of STEM will bring the nation great amount of wealth and power. Thus, any policy that can leave a positive influence to the development and communication within this field will also make the nation rich and strong. I'm in a master program of electrical engineering department of a university. Many of our research work are focus on the next generation high performance computer. And about 80% of the students in this program are international students. Giving them a better opportunity to find a job will help the technology of high performance computer spreads to other fields of industry with a speed two times higher than the scenario that many of them lost a better opportunity to work in a relative field in US. Furthermore, with the more widely use of high performance chips, the manufacturing industry will benefit a lot from it. That's the reason why this policy will bring wealth to the nation.

Secondly, international students play an important role in many fields within STEM. Giving them a better opportunity to get a job could reduce their employment pressure. Therefore, let them pay more attention to the research program they involved in. Many students in our department is transferring their research fields to software program due to the high employment pressure them face in our department. Thus, some labs in our department are already short of research people. Giving international students a little more opportunity to find a job will help them build their confident of working in a specific field. Therefore, make the distribution of students more reasonable in many university. Rather than force all students to transfer their research area to certain fields that have high employment. This will bring bala