Wei Peng I strongly SUPPORT the proposal. And following is my argument.

Scholar Richard Freeman in his 2006 paper presents a challenge faced by many of today's countries, those that are either developed or developing, caused by "the Great Doubling," which refers to the doubling of the size of global work force from 1.46 billions to 2.93 billion. He points out that this challenge seems to be more complex for many developed countries, especially USA. From the first look at this problem, it obviously puts "downward pressures on employment and earnings of less skilled workers through trade and immigration." However, if taking a second look at this challenge, we shall see that it is not just less skilled workers that are affected by this huge wave of labor from new economies as predicted in many of the conventional trade model, but workers in industry sectors that require higher skill base (especially skills in STEM fields) in developed countries are also greatly influenced. Many tend to ignore the fact that developing countries like China are also "becoming competitive in technologically advanced activities." With globalization, the "spread of higher education and modern technology to low wage countries," the assumption held by orthodoxical international trade theory that "only advanced countries have the educated work force necessary for innovation and production of high tech products" may not hold true and the persistence of the dominance of developed countries in high-tech sectors may be questioned.

The immediate benefit from having F-1 students with STEM degrees work in USA after graduation is widely admitted: USA is able to gain a large pool of highly skilled workers after they receive their education in this country, a group of people, if given better and longer training opportunities, can make a great contribution to this very country. 

Today's world is in its transition to a truly global labor market, and every country in this world is part of the transition, and will INEVITABLY INFLUENCED by it. The assumption held in conventional trade models that capital and labor can only flow freely domestically is no longer true in a world with immigration, the development of Internet and the accelerated speed of capital flow in and out from one country to another. Freeman also points out that this makes "global outsourcing" possible. We shall see that this notion of "global outsourcing" has a very deep implication of everyone in this labor market. That is, workers are no longer competing with domestic workers, but are competing with workers all around the world. In this stage of transition, Freeman points out the importance for US to "maintain its global lead in science and technology," and therefore suggests maintaining high level of attraction of scientific and technological fields to both foreign highly educated workers and US citizens, including spending more on basic research, allocating a larger share of grants and offering higher valued scholarships. 

It should be also very clear that people with the idea that "Americans are losing their jobs because a large number of international students in this country take those jobs from them" are wrong about one point: every worker in this world now can take any job from anyone in any country. From a company's perspective, it will only hire the best candidates for the job. Therefore, for US companies, if they are not able to find the most suitable domestic candidates for the job, they will eventually turn to foreign workers, and there is not difference between hiring F-1 students in this countries, or hiring equivalent workers in foreign countries. If an F-1 student does not take the job, then someone else in the other side of the world will eventually take it, and this could be very likely to happen, if USA is not able to have more workers with high skills to stay and work in this country and slowly loses her comparative advantage in fields like STEM. But this is different from a country's perspective. Having F-1 students work in this countries means more than bring intelligence to this country. They are helping this country to be a better place with their contribution to this country redistributed throughout the system. Many F-1 students belong to minor groups of this country, and they are helping to make life of minorities better by bringing diversity to their working places. 

