I strongly support this rule. I also believe that students currently on STEM Extensions should not be impacted if the rule does not go in place by February 12, 2016. This will cause unnecessary gaps in employment and will prove to be unnecessarily complicated for USCIS to rescind approved work authorizations. 

As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in 2013 with a master's degree in the field of Digital Media from New York University. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes. 

In April 2008, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security ("DHS") issued an interim final rule with request for comments that extended the period of OPT by 17 months for F-1 nonimmigrants with a qualifying STEM degree. On August 12, 2015, the United States District Court for the District of Columbia vacated the 17-month STEM extension created by the 2008 Rule, but ordered that the vacatur be stayed until February 12, 2016. If DHS does not issue a final rule to replace the 2008 Rule, thousands of foreign students with work authorizations, such as myself, will be forced to scramble to depart the United States. This will impose a costly burden on the U.S. tech sector if thousands of young workers have to leave their jobs on February 12, 2016. 

Foreign students represent half of all U.S. graduate enrollments in engineering, math, and computer science. There still are not enough U.S. students graduating with advanced degrees in these fields to fill highly specialized positions. A 2012 report co-sponsored by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce found that every foreign-born student who graduates with an advanced degree from a U.S. university and s