I fully support the regulations proposed by DHS and am very glad to see the improvement in the regulations to ensure that students gain valuable practical STEM experience that supplements knowledge gained through their academic studies, while preventing adverse effects to U.S. workers. 

The OPT extension for STEM students are not hurting the benefits or job opportunities for US workers. No statistic data has been proposed that US permanent residence suffered from losing their job only because of international STEM students working in US. In contrary, the high-quality education and research environment in US has attracted the best students all over the world, and in return, these STEM students make tremendous contribution to US in academic, industry and society, as well as GDP. It would be a irrevocable loss if the STEM students are forced to leave US after graduation, as it takes years for them to fulfill and show their long-term value in science, technology, engineering and mathematics. Suspension or any uncertainty on OPT would greatly hurt the sense of belonging and safety for international STEM workers, and US ends up losing excellent workers to other countries with competitive offers or working environments. Therefore, the OPT for F-1 STEM students should definitely be extended to 24 months or longer.

To make sure we get the qualified students and not harming the US workers, more detailed improvements and changes should be made to the proposed regulation. 1. The students should graduate from accredited schools; the authenticity of their diplomats and certifications should be double-checked and certified. 2. The job employment procedure should be clear and open so that no US workers are excluded or fired from this job opportunity. 3. Keep their working history/record on track to ensure STEM students work in STEM areas and have no tendency to become legal immigrants. 4. Give public reports or lectures to show solid evidence that the OPT extension for STEM stude