Bill YANG I will give my support to the OPT extension because that a lot of benefits brought by it to Americans.

The OPT does bring a lot of economy revenue. It is known that education is one of most expensive cost in Americans daily life. For the international students, the cost double. These benefits, brought by education, feeds many cities, such as Syracuse, Binghamton and so on. Thousands of jobs are created on that reason. The OPT extension can allure thousands of international students to the USA, who pursue their education. They purchase not only the tuition, but also foods, clothes, cars and luxury goods! Thus, the OPT extension means more tax, more jobs, and more benefits for both citizens and government.

Moreover, the OPT is not H1B. The interns are not jobs. There are lots of limitation on OPT. Even the boss of company cant make sure that his OPT trainees can get H1B without any setback. So few manage will consider to give a key position to an international trainee. In order to decrease the risk, the citizens are the best candidates. So the OPT trainees are not the competitors. 

Besides, lots of international students plan to go back to their motherland to get great jobs. It is true that lots of opportunities exists in Indian, China, Japan and so on. But the certification with good GPA is not enough for a great job. They need work experience. That is why these international students need interns urgently. The OPT extension can solve this problem perfectly. More than two years work experience is a good springboard for them to get great jobs in the motherland. If getting it, most of them even dont consider to apply H1B. Honestly, the families of these international students have huge energy in their countries. They always have great future in their countries. What they really need are just a good certification and a qualified work experience. From this point, the pros overwhelm cons.

Therefore, why not support the OPT extension with so many advantages?
