Dear Sir/Madam,

I'm a supporter of this new ruling. I have read through many of the comments against the ruling, and very unfortunately people got wrong impression of what does this OPT extension do. 

First, the purpose of the STEM OPT program is to provide a training program for STEM students who would like to obtain hands-on experience in real world before they leave school, and to work with American coworkers in a goal oriented environment. This program does not warrant a green card, nor a working VISA. The beneficiaries of this ruling are essentially students -- this is a temporary immigration status, and will terminate at the end of the program. This temporary status will not impact number of jobs available to US workers who are aiming at a long employee-employer relationship, since the employer will count this factor in when hiring STEM OPT students. In other words, the STEM OPT hires are an extended internship offered for international students, and as stated in its title, this program is optional, and for practical training purpose only. Anyone who compare OPT with a full time, long term job did not understand the purpose of this ruling. The issue of foreign workers competing with local workers in job market and potential consequence leading to lower wages shall be categorized as part of the H1B cap discussion, not the OPT extension discussion.

Secondly, this ruling has already set protections to local workers who are seeking jobs. The program require a formally installed training/mentor program of the company who hires STEM OPT students. The layoff protection again put the OPT students at the front line of a company downsizing at the necessary moment, which provide a comfort buffer to US workers in such dreadful moments. The ruling writers have put much of their thoughts and results of research into the details, they're just so easily overlooked because people usually stopped at the first few paragraphs stating that STEM students are staying longer. This