If the OPT Extension is cancelled, United States will absolutely be the first to subject to significant negative influence.
First of all, educational institutions in the United States will lose their competence in attracting foreign students. Nowadays, countries like UK, Canada, New Zealand, Australia, and China are actively staging new strategies to attract international students. International students not only brings fresh energy and divers ideas in academic field, but also enhance economic prosperity of the country. According to Institute of International Education, in 2013 to 2014, 31.0% of foreign students are from China, 11.6% from India, both of which are developing countries. Students from these countries are more likely to use OPT Extensions, which allow them to gain good working experience in a developed country like United States before returning to their home country. OPT Extension proves to be a great attractions to foreign students when they chose which country to go. Take me as an example. I am a foreign student from China, I choose to pursue master degree in US because of United States's OPT and OPT Extension policies, which offers me the chance to receive not only excellent academic education, but also industrial experience from top-tiered company in my career field. I consider this chance overweights the expensive tuition fees a lots. If OPT Extension is cancelled, then education institutes in Unites States will lose the one and the most critical attractions to foreign students comparing to countries I mentioned above, consider the comprehensive price-performance ratio of high tuition fees and living expense, as well as the education quality. 
Secondly, OPT Extension allows employers in the United States to benefit not only from the increased ability to rely on the skills acquired OPT STEM students, but also their knowledge of markets in their home countries. In the recent years, U.S companies are investing overwhelmingly increasing money into Chi