Please make sure of the industry the students are getting into according to their concentration of study during school. A lot of F-1 students from various concentration of studies (mechanical, electrical, etc) are coming to US just for the sake of getting a job in Computer Science or Information technology, by finding an admission in a university that is not a lot stringent on admission requirements. 

After their completion of degree, they are enrolling in various IT consulting firms for OPT and STEM OPT and are abusing these programs. The now employees of these IT consulting firms are falsifying their resumes to show 6-8 years of experience in IT to get jobs. Once they apply for jobs with these falsified documents, they find some one with genuine experience (sometimes from offshore too) to take proxy interviews on their behalf on phone (via redirect). It has grown to such alarming rate that even with skype/video interviews, they sit in front of the camera and act as if they are the ones talking when being given voice by nearby individuals who are experienced. 

Astonishing fact is that a lot of people are even submitting fake driver licenses with wrong DOBs, fake foreign degrees to match graduation dates on the fake resumes, and even creating fake H-1 approval notices. They go the extent that they find people who has good experience to pay them some money to get their work done after joining the job they got in this illegal way. 

So for a lot of such new OPT employees,
1. Experience - Fake
2. Education - Fake
3. Industry References - Fake
4. Interviews - Fake
5. Immigration documents - Fake
6. DOB and current location - Fake
7. Person - Real
8. Name - Real
9. Salary - Real

With the STEM extensions at hand, the employers are not sponsoring for the work visas most of the time promoting that the students in OPT programs doesn't have to pay taxes. 

All of this is effecting the IT job industry as the quality of work by candidates is decreasing (some times not presen