Yichong Zhang I strongly support OPT extension. OPT extension will attract and allow talented young people from all over the world to contribute to American economy and diversity, which will not only build up a better image for America in the world, but also bring actual benefits to American people.

The OPT extension will benefit American economy both directly and indirectly. The opportunity to practice what they have learned in school in the US is great attraction for international students to come here to study. In the short term, they directly bring money to the country through tuition fee and living expenses. The needs of international students and work forces also foster some industries such as service agencies for studying abroad as well as restaurants and travel agencies. These blooming industries provide jobs for local people. In the long term, international STEM students can devote more of their skills and energy to develop science and technology in the US with OPT extension. Nowadays, economy growth is largely driven by science and technology, which makes the expertise in STEM particularly valuable to a country. In Yale University, more than one third of graduate students are from abroad. These students already make up an indispensable force in research while they are in school. An extra couple of years for these well-educated and self-motivated international students to contribute to the economy of the US only make it more worthwhile to offer them the education resources.

On a higher level, international students and work forces contribute to the diversity of the American society. America is a country built by immigrants. Almost everybody here is either an immigrant himself or the offspring of immigrants. The diversity of society as well as the willingness to incorporate foreign culture is always what the US should be proud of. I think it is this highly diverse and dynamic population that keeps the US society creative and energetic. Most people will agree that in team work, it is better to have members with different backgrounds and expertise in the team. It is the diverse knowledge background and thinking mode that nourish comprehensive understanding and thorough thoughts. It is often through arguing against opposite viewpoints that one gains a deeper understanding of the problem being discussed. It is often through combining different ideas that new ideas are generated. The same rules apply to the whole society as well. Educated young people from all over the world are like fresh brooks merging into the large river of America, bringing in new elements, adding to the power and flooding away the rotten mud of obsolete convention and ideas. 

Those who strongly oppose OPT extension mainly argue that the foreign students are taking jobs away from young Americans. But the job market is not like a cake with a fixed size, and the more people want to share it, the smaller slice each person will get. A high quality work force with international students as one part of it will accelerate economic growth as is discussed above, and growing economy will create more job opportunities for the American people. This is like with more peoples help we can make the cake larger so that everyone will get a slice as big as or even bigger than before. On the other hand, the problem is not that there are too many qualified workers in STEM related industries in the US than needed. In fact, the US government is launching programs to improve STEM education in order to fulfill the need for STEM graduates. Those who face unemployment are not those well-educated Americans learning science and engineering, but mainly people who are undereducated or lack practical skills, which cannot be blamed on the international STEM students. The work force of international STEM students with OPT is not causing unemployment, but rather boosting economy and thus improving employment. 

In short, OPT extension will bring clever young heads around the world to develop science and technology in the US to drive economic growth and add to diversity, which will positively affect American peoples life. 
