The extension of OPT would benefit the US in economics, science and technology and country's global influence. Firstly, international students save a lot of US universities from financial crisis by the tuition payment. Meanwhile, these foreign students stimulate the country's rental market, restaurants, travel and automobile industry by the international students' consumption. All these consumption boosts the US economy. Secondly, STEM students have made great contributions to this nation's innovations and breakthroughs in science and technology. American students only account for a really small amount of the entire STEM students. Positions in STEM are faced with challenges to be only filled up with US citizens. International students fill the hole for native students to work in industries like science and engineering to keep US research and development still leading the world. Due to the OPT extension, companies can hire an international employee easier and longer which creates more profits for the technology industry by their professional and technical skills. A lot of projects or research in STEM need 3 to 5 years to be completed. If the OPT were cancelled, these STEM F-1 students would have to leave in a short time. This would add the cost of training and hiring for enterprises and research institutions. Since the H-1B lottery becomes overloaded, the new approval will offer more opportunities for the employers' to maintain these demanded STEM talents. Last but not the least, this new policy would definitely increase the impact of the US around the globe. See countries such as UK, Britain, Germany, France, Australia and China. All of them are making policies and regulations to attract foreign students to study there. By absorbing these students, their reputations could be enhanced. More importantly, these students would bring funds to support local economy and education. The reason that more and more STEM students choose programs in US is the post graduate job op