Mingyang Ling I strongly support this new OPT extension rule. I'm an international computer science master student and am going to work as a software engineer in Adobe. Before I came to US, I had multiple options to purse my master degree in US, Singapore, Hong Kong and British. The most important reason I choose to study here is US could provide me the industry training opportunity during school or after graduation. So OPT extension is very important to attract foreign STEM talents. Without this OPT extension rule, I can't believe US could still attract so many foreign STEM talents every year to contribute their knowledge to this country and I probably would choose to study in other countries with better policy to foreign STEM talents. If this rule is terminated by some reasons, it's definitely a huge disaster to most US high-tech companies, like Google, Apple, Adobe, Facebook, etc. Because they are supported by foreign STEM talents. 

On the other hand, international students have historically made significant contributions to the United States, both through the payment of tuition and other expenditures in the U.S. economy, as well as by significantly enhancing academic discourse and cultural exchange on campuses throughout the United States. In addition to these general benefits, STEM students further contribute through research, innovation, and the provision of knowledge and skills that help maintain and grow increasingly important sectors of the U.S. economy.

Foreign students, for example, regularly contribute a significant amount of money into the U.S. economy. According to statistics compiled by the Association of International Educators (NAFSA), foreign students made a net contribution of $26.8 billion to the U.S. economy in the 2013-2014 academic year. [13] This contribution included tuition ($19.8 billion) and living expenses for self and family ($16.7 billion), after adjusting for U.S. financial support ($9.7 billion). And public colleges and universities particularly benefit from the payment of tuition by foreign students, especially in comparison to the tuition paid by in-state students. 
