I strongly support the OPT extension for students with STEM degrees for the following reason:

1. Educational institutions need international students to compete in the global race for research talent.
A huge amount of international students will consider the OPT extension when they decide whether to pursue a degree in U.S or some other countries such as Canada, Japan, or Germany. 
Two of my incredibly intelligent friends from China studying Electrical Engineering both decided to go to Japan to pursue a master degree because they were afraid the 17 months OPT extension was definitely too short for them to finish a proper project in any well-known national lab. 
The 24 months OPT extension will attract more intelligent international students and better ensure that the U.S academic sector can remain competitive globally. 

2. Foreign students have regularly contributed a significant amount of money into U.S. economy through the payment of tuition, living expenses, and many other ways. 
For instance, when students are on OPT extension, they pay more money on rents, food, transportations, going shopping (as the report indicated: $16.7 billion from 2013-2014), and therefore create more jobs in U.S. by significantly contributing to local economy.
Also, the tuition of an international student in any school is normally 2 to 3 times higher than the local students, which means the school can benefit a lot from foreign students and use the excessive money to improve the education environment for local students. Longer OPT extension will definitely attract more international students to put their money in U.S. universities.

3. Students who are on OPT extensions are definitely NOT stealing positions from local Americans. 
Indicated by federal laws, companies have to pay more on international employees and sign on a contract indicating they could not find any suitable Americans for certain positions and they had no choice but to hire a international employee. 
STEM positions usu