I totally support this proposal. For my personal opinion, I think this proposal will have a great impact for the following area:

In the country level, every year there will be thousands of STEM students come to US to pursue their bachelor/master/PhD degree. They choose US as their stop just because the STEM education is around the best in the world? Not really, another big reason is that they have the opportunity to work in the world best technical/finance companies or research related laboratories after graduation. They could contribute their knowledge and skill to the companies and improve the progress of human society and science and technology. And if this proposal is revoked, the country will lose tons of talented young people. As far as I know, most of the STEM students in US are the top students in their own countries, while rest of them are coming from rich families and just want to experience a different life in different country. So definitely, the government should think about a way to hold these talented young people and let these people to stay longer in the country to make the United States more powerful and still in the leading position of technology, finance, research fields. 

Besides, in terms of education perspective, by revoking the opt extension. The US university will be less attractive to international students since they have less opportunity to work in US after graduation. Instead of spending a lot of money to study at US and then they have no choices but only to go back to their homeland after graduation, why not they study at their homelands to establish their social network at earlier or study at other countries which will provide potential working opportunity. Definitely, international students will feel it is worthless to spend much of money to study at US and then go back. What's more, most universities in US are opening more programs to welcome the international students. And these programs usually require expensive tuition. In one a