B. KERO i do not want foreigners taking any american job at any level. it is criminal the way the corporations lie about no being able to find american workers. the fact is the employers are looking for slave labor. ag profiteers are the same way. when the slaves were freed, they solved their labor problem by importing mexicans, etc. and having them do labor and paying them less and working them longer, etc. they always need an underclass so they keep importing foreign slaves and then making the generaql taxpayers pay the welfare benefits to pay those foreigners adequate money to live. its clear that these employers are in fact shifting costs to generla taxpayers, and that is the reason taxes have gone up so inexorably for general taxpayers. when they bring one foreign kid in here, our taxes go up more than half a million dollars for th eeducatin of that one kid. that means we don thave adequate money to spend on our own american kids. this situation is outragoeus. simply outrageous. i also find it so much greed that silicon valley wants to kill their own fellow americans for profits by importing these indians, etc and giving them jobs. let the indians help india and stay there. let the mexicans stay in mexico and clean up their own country. we wwant american workers in american jobs. our corrupt washington fat cat bureaucrats are bribed to kill their own fellow americans by rich people, corporations. the corruption on this issue is immense and disgusting. american jobs for american workers\. when foreign students finish their education they should be deported immediately no jobs for htem in america. i dont even want them in school here. our colleges are being funded by taxpaeyrs for american students to be educated. we didnt kill ourselves with high taxes so that foreign students could waltz in here and take american jobs. no way have the american PEOPLE BEEN CONSUTED ON THIS. WE JUST HAVE CORRUPTION IN WASHINGTON SELLING US OUT. ITS A SELL OUT. THIS OPT IS A SELL OUT.
