I am strongly supporting this rule.

First of all, OPT program alone gives all students only 12 months to stay in US. However for most programs in STEM list, giving 12 months of training is simply not enough. Based on my experience, take software engineering as an example (i put this because I work in Bay Area), companies need to spend at least 6 months training an new grad to become a qualified employee. This is a reasonable period of time to ensure that the student at least has the ability to handle his/her works independently. After that the student can be involved in real projects, but he/she will be left with only 6 months (without this extension, obviously). In most of the companies projects last for at least several months, which leads to the situation that this student can be involved in at most one of two project, and then he/she will be pretty much forced to leave (as we all know how crowded H1B lottery gets). Company will need to train other people to take over the projects(products need to evolve, and people need to take care of them when they are broken) which is done by that student, and that takes who knows how much effort. So basically to the company, that student just builds something uncertain and walk away, while others need to pick up there works. Conclusion? Companies will not hire these OPT students. I believe the scenario applies to many other fields other than engineering. In my point, 12 months of OPT without extension is simply a waste of employer's time.

Normally in a company, people search for their next play after about 2-3 years. Only when students can get this amount of time, companies should be happy to have them and make efforts to train them for works.

Also, this rule makes US degrees attractive. Foreign students who made through their programs get the chance to work in real industry; this way increasing about of talents will be willing to stay to pursue degrees. In contrast, after the old rule was voided by the court, many studen