John Vogel I strongly support this proposal because attracting and keeping the talents is a key reason why the United States is one of the strongest nations in the world. 

This proposal benefits the students in STEM fields: science, technology, engineering, and math. These are where the US has a strong comparative advantage over other countries. With fewer domestic students participating and excelling in these fields, foreign students readily fill the vacancy and continue the momentum of creation and ingenuity. Born and raised abroad, they bring US new ideas, new demands, and new solutions with an international scope. According to my own and limited observation, the majority of the students tackling challenging STEM-related problems such as solar energy, battery technology, oil and gas, biology, applied physics, and applied math, are foreign students with student visas. After graduation, some of them will enter academia, but most of them will join great companies like Google, Tesla, and GE. An extension of OPT allows them to contribute their knowledge from school to real industry, which in return benefits the employers and the US economy, and promotes new technologies and innovations. 

I understand some peoples concern that foreign students might take jobs away from US students. Even worse, some people believe that employers hire foreign students because they are cheaper. This is simply NOT true. As long as the foreign student works in the US, he/she will receive the same salary as a US student. If the opposite were true, this would be a discrimination against foreign students, which is a terrible betrayal of the US value. In fact, employers probably have to pay a little more to foreign students, because they need to sponsor the work visas after their OPT expire. Employer hires a foreign student mainly because of two reasons. First, the foreign student is better than the other US students. If this is true, this foreign student will bring value to the US and we should keep him/her. Second, there is perhaps no one else to hire. Many STEM-related industries simply do not have enough US students to sustain their growth. The IT industry is the best example. Another example is the R&D of oil and gas industry. Almost the entire pool of MS and PhD students are international. Without the STEM OPT extension, many companies will have to lose their new hires even before they finish training! This does not make sense. 

We need to attract and keep these talents in the US, rather than letting them go. If they stay, they will probably become the middle class or higher, and these two classes contribute the majority of the US tax revenue. Highly educated as they are, they are very unlikely to cause social unrest and commit crimes. They care about education and their kids may help shape Americas future. If they decide to stay, they will perhaps be one of the best immigrant groups to the US. Almost all of us are decedents of immigrants, to be frank. America is an immigration country we are all proud of, and keeping bring talents from all over the world is the secret recipe that makes US one of the best.
