The new proposal of extending OPT is truly important and beneficial for everyone in the U.S. 

As we know, the global economical crisis and recession still remain in effect all over the world including the U.S. whose government is actively dedicating on creating more jobs by developing and expanding the real economy. So, in order to achieve this macro-strategical target, the people who major in STEM fields are urgently needed. Only by extending OPT, more opportunities can be created for nonimmigrant STEM graduates who are utterly capable of making a real difference to the rapid economic recovery of the U.S. As a result, the other aspects of the society would get benefits on that, which in turns means more jobs and more likely people would have sufficient money to spend on not only their living necessities but also life supplementary products. In the end, this would become a good cycle to incentive the macro-economy of the U.S. 

Also, the fast development of technology and science is highly dependent of as many highly educated intelligences as possible. If the OPT extension was cancelled, the direct consequence would be immediate loss of hundreds of thousands of educated workers in the U.S., not mentioning the fact that their spouses would have no choice but also to leave the country even though they have already been granted with proper working visas. And the worse thing is that as long as those who are looking for further education opportunities in the U.S. knew the revocation of OPT extension regulation, they may have to go for the alternative plan because it's highly likely that after graduation they may not have enough time to find appropriate jobs so as to come back to their mother country without being competitive to the local peer graduates. 

By adding theses two up, the number is gonna to be quite big and the U.S. would have to pay for the consequence for decades. Therefore, the OPT extension proposal is exactly a good answer to largely ameliorating the cu