I strongly support this rule.
First of all, I believe nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees work in U.S. will not greatly affect the chances for Americans to find jobs. For the reason that majority of jobs request applicants to be eligible to work in U.S. without sponsorship, which means only a small portion of jobs accept nonimmigrant students to apply. That is to say, only a small portion of jobs could be shared between nonimmigrant students and American residents. And for those small portions of jobs, if an enterprise hires nonimmigrant students, the company has to help those nonimmigrant students to apply for their H1B. In this case, most enterprises will be more willing to hire Americans instead of nonimmigrant students if possible. In conclusion, the jobs shared to nonimmigrant students are the ones that many Americans are not willing to do or not capable to do well compared to nonimmigrant students. 
And this is true in reality and that is why this OPT extension only works for those nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees. These STEM related jobs require more perspiration and efforts that nonimmigrant students would like to sacrifice for U.S. companies. Of course there are a lot of Americans who also have talent and would like to work hard for these kinds of jobs, and it is sure that they are hired, because as I mentioned above, companies would like hire Americans rather than nonimmigrant students who require sponsorship in order to work in U.S. That is to say, nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees will only work in industries where Americans are not competitive as nonimmigrant students, which lead to my send reason to support this rule.
Should U.S. kick out talented nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees after they graduated? This OPT extension rule does not apply to those mediocre nonimmigrant students who does not have the ability to find a job in U.S. This rule is applied to those talented nonimmigrant students with STEM degree who are not that lucky