From policy perspective, OPT extension is a necessary complement for US immigration system. I have been in another developed country, Singapore, for four years. Its system is designed to categorize people by salary. High paid foreigners hold Employment pass and get large chances to become Singapore Permanent Residents (SPR). However, their criteria for approving SPR is not transparent. So they block foreigners to stay there by approving SPR or not and it's relatively easy to get employment pass for high paid job or work permit for low paid workers. In US, OPT plays the buffering role as Singapore's employment pass does. Once people get H1B sponsorship from the company, they just need patience and time to wait for green card. 

So why one year of OPT for STEM major is not enough? It's really to short a period to contribute things significantly to a company or society. Just look at the new fresh one year old employee around ourselves, one year opt puts the alarm in people's mind that this guy might leave soon so I cannot make full use of his potential or before I can train him/her to be a eligible candidate, he/she had to leave.The difficulty of studying STEM major makes people to have more time to develop the useful skills in their job position.

The rule originally applying to STEM major students only have indicated that US needs lots of engineering, science, math workers to help develop their country. It's opposite to Singapore, where a small country doesn't need to build their own planes, cars and chains of industry. An interesting phenomenon is that both countries (US, Singapore) have criticism about foreign workers occupying high paid local position. Ironically, the truth is that there is not enough people locally are interested to learn this knowledge. The gap has to be filled by someone. That's where foreign students come from.

Another problem is related with H1B cap each year, extending the OPT definitely helps foreign students to apply H1B. So what kinds of