Yiwen Shen I am a Master's engineering student from Columbia University and I am highly supportive of this rule for the following reasons:

1. The US, in the eyes of hopeful foreign students from abroad, is a land of opportunity and fairness for those who work hard, and the OPT program and STEM extension is a central part that realizes this. If the government removes this rule, the US will no longer seem as welcoming to students wanting to study abroad and then contribute to the technology and innovations in the US. The US would lose in their lead of technological innovations, as more and more young and skilled individuals, instead of contributing to the US economy, compete against the US in all manners of scientific advancements, entrepreneurship, education, and public policy. In 2011 Fortune 500 companies employed 3.6 million workers internationally and they are responsible for $1.7 trillion in revenues. 

The world is always going to have an influx of young people seeking the best opportunities, wherever they are, and the US would be giving up a wealthy source of people with great skills and potential by not allowing them a chance to contribute. The US would only gain a short term, false sense of relief that there are lesser competitors taking jobs away but at the cost of long term benefits of leadership in higher education, scientific research and technological innovations. 

2. All international students are aware of the slight discrimination against them during job hunting due to the fact that companies need to sponsor them a work visa. If the STEM extension is ruled out, many companies would refrain even further from hiring international students that would only have a single chance, and not two or three chances, to obtain an H1B visa, because only about 1/3 of all applicants obtain an H1B, and they can only stay for a year or even less in the company. Also, for many high tech companies like OLI Systems, training takes 6 months and there isn't enough time to decide if a worker is worth sponsoring, which takes thousands of dollars each time for each individual sponsored. All of this works against the US economy because it prevents high tech companies from hiring highly skilled workers, which they are starving of. 

3. Letting talents of these students leave the US would actually decrease jobs, because companies seeking talent would be hiring from other countries with lower pay and high quality. Also, immigrants are twice as more likely to be entrepreneurs and start business than native born Americans, according to the Kauffman Foundation. These entrepreneurs, if educated in the US with US degrees will allow the US the gain far greater revenues and jobs than deporting them to their home countries.

4. Many of the comments are from fear of competition in the job market. However, to reject international students simply because of this will only stagnate the job market and lower the standards on education and skillset levels, as healthy competition always increases efficiency and development. If a class has a wide range of smart children and slower children, will you simply move the smart children out of the classroom? No, you would help the slower children become more effective and be more aware. Therefore, the US deporting students under STEM extension is only serving to detriment US capabilities. 

5. For me personally, if this rule is rejected, and I cannot obtain an H1B, I would obviously be forced to return to my home country. In addition, for friends and other students who seeks me for advice on studying in the US, I would no doubt warn them about the lack of support for work in the US. Perhaps in the future, I would consider the option of moving to work in another country, such as Canada that is more favorable towards skilled workers, despite knowing that there are more opportunities in the US, and I know of many people who would feel the same way.
