I strongly support this new proposed rules on expanding existed OPT period as this will closely effect my current job opportunity and my future study plan at US. I'm a Chinese student who is majoring in Mechanical engineering and just graduated from college with a bachelor degree. I was shocked and terrified when I heard that there is a possibility of cancelling the OPT extension for students with STEM degrees because I may have to rethink of my career and prepare a new study plan. 
After I graduated, I accepted an job offer. My employer does not make an guarantee on sponsoring me H1B visa and I know I need it in order to obtain a longer authorized working period in US. However my employer still made me the offer because I have a total 29 months of OPT that I can use to go through job training and understand the business. And also my employer thinks it is going to take them to much time and effort to find another candidate like me, who has the unique and strong engineering background and can help their business reach the next level. The HR manger once clearly told me that 1 year work experience at any business may not help one at all since they did not have a solid understanding of the business during this relatively short period of time. I was glad at that time that I can have up to two and a half year to work in US. Currently I work in Quality field, where professionals will need to go through series of training and certification programs like six sigma green belt, black belt and lean manufacturing... etc.For example, in order to get certified as a black belt, the employee either has to go through company sponsored training program and university certification program. The courses may take 1-2 months to finish,however in order to get to certified as black belt one has to complete a project which has specific cost savings target. This target usually between 0.5 - 1 million dollars. The saving is significant and the company will take it seriously. Without this exten