Dana Baughman The Department of Homeland Security has proposed a rule to expand the Optional Practical Training (OPT) program, which gives employers financial incentives to hire foreign students and recent college graduates over Americans. This program has never been authorized by Congress. Currently, foreign students who have been pursuing their degree for at least 9 months can work in the U.S. for 12 months or 29 months if pursuing a science, technology, engineering, or mathematics (STEM) degree. The new rule would extend the program's length from 12 months to 36 months for these STEM students. The program incentivizes U.S. companies to hire foreign students and recent graduates because they do not have to pay the prevailing wage or their share of the 7.65% payroll taxes for the foreign worker, costing Social Security an estimated $1 billion dollars a year.

"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 yearsthe same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be validthere is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent."
Senate Judiciary Committee Chairman Charles Grassley

"...expanding de facto guest worker programs like Optional Practical Training (OPT)through which employers hire more than 120,000 young college graduates per year who hold F-1 visasbut do not even guarantee that those foreign graduates are paid the minimum wage, let alone the prevailing wage, chase Americans out of computer science and creates a self-fulfilling 'shortage' as Americans respond to a relatively better market as engineers in other fields."
ALF-CIO President Richard Trumpka

Initially, the Department of Homeland Security expanded the OPT program by bypassing the transparent notice-and-comment period. But the D.C. District Court ordered DHS to temporarily vacate the expansion. The judge has given DHS until February 2016 to complete the notice-and-comment period. Therefore, if enough comments opposing the rule are submitted, DHS could pull the proposed regulation entirely.

I oppose the Department of Homeland Security's proposed rule that would expand the Optional Practical Training program. This expansion would allow U.S. tech companies to hire foreign students for up to 3 years and avoid paying their share of payroll taxes, equivalent to 7.65% of the employee's pay. Not only does this program create an incentive for these companies to hire foreign students over qualified Americans, but it also could violate the foreign student's pledge when they received their F-1 visa to leave the country after completing their degree. With recent college graduates struggling to find work, this is not the time to provide companies with an incentive to hire foreign citizens over U.S. citizens.
Please put United States Citizens' welfare above foreign workers and corporate desire for cheap labor. United States' citizens will not survive this kind of pro-immigration legislation!!! My daughter is a college graduate at the top 10 of her class, and can't find a job in her field. She works at Target and owes tens of thousands of dollars in student loans. I have worked since I was 15 years old, and so has my husband. After a 20 year physically, mentally, sexually and legally abusive relationship, I have PTSD and cannot even drive. But I stay at home with our young son full time, which is work. I have two sons and a daughter who will need a career in the next 5-20 years. My husband has been a ASE Certified Master Technician for 30+ years, yet we live at just above poverty standards. Why? We DO work hard and do NOT just sit back and collect welfare. Foreigners are given more benefits than U.S. born citizens. 
Please keep U.S. workers motivated by employing them with a life sustaining wage without this kind of proposed competition from foreigners. Please carefully consider the ripple effect upon U.S. born families for generations to come of this legislation, if it were to be enacted.
