SUDHAKAR KALAGARA The Honorable Jeh Johnson
Secretary of Homeland Security
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I recently graduated with Ph.D. in Chemistry at the University of Texas at El Paso (UTEP). 45% of UTEP graduate students are international students and a vast majority of those are from Mexico and from other different countries staying on F-1 visas. Me and many of my colleagues will be strongly affected by the Proposed Rule.

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. I'm particularly excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months.
I am in the first year of OPT and working as a Lecturer and also as a part time Post doctorial researcher in Medicinal chemistry lab at UTEP. I am utilizing my OPT to gain more knowledge in my core field and learning more teaching techniques. I am also very happy that I can give back to the American society by teaching advanced chemistry topics to undergraduate students at UTEP. In addition to teaching, I am doing research to design therapeutics for Lung cancer. I was able to utilize all my knowledge and experience not only to improve myself but also give back to the community by sharing my knowledge with the students and also spending time to design new medicines for cancer therapy. I can do this only if I can get a chance to stay in U.S on my OPT. If the OPT is extended to two more additional years then it will be very helpful to all the international students who are pursuing their higher education and will give them a chance to learn the techniques that will be helpful in the industrial sector which indirectly help to strengthen the American economy. 
I would like to request the DHS to increase the time period of unemployment during this OPT extension. This will help the international students to find a better job which is related to their field of education. I sincerely request the DHS to please increase the time period of STEM extension and also make the paper work easier as it will affect the chances of getting the jobs for well qualified international students. In general, the employers are not willing to do more paper work during the hiring time even though the candidate is having exceptional skills for the required job. More paperwork also kills the chances of getting hired by the employer. So Please keep the rules easier for both the employers and stem students as well.

I am glad my international colleagues are able to gain practical training experience in the US because of this STEM OPT extension. I am very concerned with the possibility that my STEM OPT Extension might be disrupted by recent court actions, upcoming court actions, and delays in this rulemaking process. I commend DHS for working quickly to prepare this new Proposed Rule.



I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to F-1 students.


Best regards,
Dr. Sudhakar Kalagara Ph.D.,
Lecturer & Post doctoral Researcher in Chemistry,
College of Science,
University of Texas at El Paso,
El Paso, TX-79902.

