Ying Lu I am writing to support the improvements on STEM extension and Cap-Gap.

As described in a recent White House petition signed by over 100,000 people, the invalidation of STEM OPT extension on 02/2016 will be a shock to both firms and students. My curiosity pushed me to go a step forward Are they the only victims in the flaw-fixing process?

United States has been the primary destination of international students for decades. While these students added diversity in the classrooms, they also contribute to the local economy. They rent house, open bank accounts, buy cars (old or new), and create new business opportunities. If a number of 18,000 students on their STEM extension suddenly lose their lawfully status on 2/12/2015, they have to end their leases, close their bank accounts, and sold the cars they own. None of the industries mentioned above can ignore the impact of such a large number of customers, and some business owners will be brought into a hardship.

Though Equal Employment Opportunity is the law, the hiring processes of non-immigrant students vs. residents are never equal. Employers can only hire file a non-U.S. worker with working visa when there is no appropriate domestic candidate in the market. The previous 17 months STEM extension enables companies to acquire specialized talents with low opportunity cost even these staffs are not able to win the working visa lottery, they can still work for a company for a good two and half year. Adjust the length from 17 months to 24 months will directly benefit the hosting companies.

If post-completion OPT for non-immigrant students are all 12 months, the shortage in STEM related jobs will be much worse than a simple calculation. The miserable H1-B working visa lottery system makes HRs unwilling to bear the high opportunity cost. The number of companies who are willing to hire international students is shrinking, because after a several-week-long hiring process and a month-long onboarding training, a new hire may have to leave his/her current position after 12 months sharp. To avoid the high turnover caused by the flawed system, they have to hold back and implement a more conservative policy, which also means longer hiring cycle, higher cost, and sacrificed development speed.

To solve the STEM worker shortage, some big name companies (e.g. Facebook, MicroSoft) are searching candidates globally. A stable supply of STEM graduates is vital to their development, and eventually benefits their users. 

When it comes to culturally appropriate health care, skilled multi-lingual practitioners are highly in demand. Some organizations are trying to train local people in low-income families to become interpreters or navigators. However, besides the extra cost, there is a high possibility of lost in translation and problems such as unwilling to share at the present of a third party.

The shortage of STEM worker in the United States is backed by a rising pay in these industries (please refer to Bureau of Labor Statistics). Restricting the practice training time of F-1 students will not magically solve the shortage by domestic supply, rather, will leave more positions unfilled. Meanwhile, demotivating international students who are contributing and will continue to contribute to the U.S. society will eventually have economy cost.
