Anonymous Hi, 

I strongly support the new STEM OPT Extension Rule (24 months) because:-

1) Foreign STEM workers add immense value to US Technology sector and Research, by making exceptional innovations. This is really important to US and is one of the most imp reasons why US remains and will remain on the top in Technology, Innovations and Research. US has always been very supportive and encouraging in accepting foreign talent, and I hope it still remains so. 

If STEM OPT is invalidated, most foreign students would find it very tough to come to US, because it takes a lot of money back in their countries to come to US (tuition, living expenses etc). And if they have to go back in just an year, they won't be able to repay their educational loans, forget any savings. 

2) The new rule would ensure that Foreign STEM workers are still gaining great exposure, for which they make the big move. 

3) US is a melting pot of different and mixed ethnicities, one finds people from all parts of the World in US. This is something very unique to US, which US should be proud of. US has been exceptional in attracting people from all walks of life and from each part of the World. This has led to great cultural growth of US. People learn from each other's values, culture etc. New STEM OPT rule would foster more cultural growth. My room mates are from Asia. My co-workers are Americans and people from UK, Taiwan, India, Mexico, Philippines', Nepal, Australia etc. This is truly a diversified nation. New STEM OPT rule would reinstate it. 

4) From Foreign STEM OPT Workers point of view, it is very important to get at least 2-3 years of work experience/training. As is very obvious in any profession, the first 4-5 months are required to ramp up and learn new technologies at work. By the end of the first year, one starts to settle down at work. It is now that workers start putting in productive work. In nutshell, the main productivity starts to come in a little late, that how the IT industry work. Thus I feel 24 months STEM Extension is nicely apt for providing workers that. 

5) As far as the US Worker's interest is concerned, I feel that the "Proper Mentoring and Training Program", and "Strict Compliance Requirements for employers" will safeguard US citizen's rights. But there should be an "Automated Portal" for uploading such Compliance documents etc online and available to all parties i.e. Employer, DSO of school, and DHS. Online submissions and visibility to all parties concerned will smoothen the process. Else if mail posts etc are required, it would too much time and paperwork. Compliance requirements should be there to protect US citizen's rights, but the process should be made easy and automated so that it does not create too many dependencies and is not very time consuming. 

6) Just in case, the Govt is not able to bring into effect the new Rule by Feb 13, 2016, I strongly suggest that the STEM workers should not be effected adversely immediately. There is so much at stake. They have signed house-leases, taken education loans, do not have any job back home. Thus Govt should provide an interim process for all such effected STEM Workers. May be the Govt can allow all such workers to re-fill STEM OPT applications when new rule will be ready, but during the mean time let them work OR at least let them stay in the US. They should not be sent back home if the Govt is unable to bring the new rule within deadline. That will be mentally and financially very bad for STEM workers. All of a sudden, the entire life will change. 

In all, I highly recommend and favor the new STEM OPT Extension Rule (24 months). The DHS has taken the right steps. Great!
