The goal of STEM extension in OPT program is to keep the U.S. competitive in science and technology field. And I believe by extending to 24-month length, it will better serve this goal.

Canceling the STEM extension will have direct impact on current OPT employees and discourage talented students coming to American to study, While extending it to 24-month would bring more benefits in following aspects

Though my college education here in the U.S. I worked for two companies -- Tesla Motors in San Francisco and Continental Automotive in Chicago. During my time at Tesla Motors, the most advanced electric vehicle company on earth, I strongly felt what makes Tesla a leader in the industry is exactly what makes America a leader in science and technology globally. America has been absorbing the best of the best talents across the world and provide an open environment for research and invention. In Tesla Motors, I met talents from Germany, UK, Canada, China, Turkey, India, Korea, and so on. They are all contributing to this great company. Tesla Motors identifies these talents and try all means to get them as soon as possible. This hiring strategy enables Tesla to innovate and develop product in a faster pace than industry average. Looking at bigger pictures in Silicon Valley, companies are getting top talents around the world which makes Silicon Valley the center for technology innovation in the world. By extending to 24-month program, more talents will be attracted by the openness and opportunity in the U.S. 

Second, 24-month extension is beneficial because it follows the natural timeline of an engineering product development cycle. As DHS mentioned, students should participate in meaningful projects that contribute to a deeper understanding of their field of study. In the automotive industry, product development has to reflect more engineering concerns than other industries. For example, the electronic control unit I worked with usually takes 2-3 years to develop from sc