Sean Han Dear Sir or Madam:

I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I am a international graduate student at the Carnegie Mellon University (CMU). 65% of CMU graduate students are international students in the United States on F-1 visas. Particularly in my program, 100% of my classmates will be strongly affected by the Proposed Rule.

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM students, and encourage them to make the extension available to all students. Im particularly excited to see the duration of the Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months.
I am planning to use OPT after graduation, several companies have already give me offers.
The OPT program and OPT extension is important to me because without it, I will probably have only one year of time working in the United States and I must go back when the period end. If the companies foresees this situation, they will not hire me.

I am very concerned with the possibility that my STEM OPT Extension might be disrupted by recent court actions, upcoming court actions, and delays in this rulemaking process. I applaud the work of the Department of Homeland Security in quickly filling the gap left by the Washington Tech Workers Alliance case.

OPT is also beneficial to US companies, most STEM students are very smart and hard working, and more international students can boost local economics. They spend a lot of money in the local communities. American grows strong because of a lot of talents come to the State. We want to keep this trend on going.

The OPT program is an important part of the plant to attract graduate students to the United States. I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to F-1 students.

Best regards,

Sean Han
Carnegie Mellon University
Biotechnology Innovation and Computation
