Siddharth Saksena, Purdue University The DHS proposal on improving and expanding training opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees is a very thorough proposal that aims to address most of the concerns regarding the current version of the program. 

The most notable improvement in the proposal is the inclusion of stricter laws for establishing prevailing wage laws similar to that of H1b applications. This way, companies that are hiring F-1 students for training programs will not take undue advantage by providing inappropriate wages. 

The other notable improvement in the proposal is the extension of STEM-work period to 24 months after 2 year of OPT expiration. This is very essential since most industry and academic projects are designed based on a 3-year timeline and extending the training program to 3 years effectively will help the employers as well as the employees to gain the most of this program. 

Some of the comments against this proposal are related to hiring of F-1 students instead of US citizens. However, this proposal does not in any way undermines the importance of hiring US professionals. The STEM extension is meant for students already employed by a company on OPT for 1 year and only aims to extend the training period for another 2 years. This extension only ensures optimum training of the individual and provides ample time for the company projects to be finished. So the extension does not impact new graduates looking for jobs but only to those students who are already employed with a company. 

Cancellation of such an extension may prove to be detrimental to the US economy in the long run since companies will find it very hard to hire students for training on long term projects knowing that they can only legally work for 1 year on the OPT program. This would eventually lead to fewer international undergraduate and graduate student applications in the US universities. Currently, US is a pioneer in the field of education and a lot of the success is also based on the availability of ample opportunities for training after graduation for STEM students. Unless this program is extended to 24 months or the existing 17 month extension is followed, the students would much rather apply to schools in other countries like Canada that offer very exciting opportunities for training after graduation. This can significantly impact the funding to the US universities since a large population of students in these universities includes international students. On average, there are about 30% international students in the prestigious universities of the US and this population contributes the highest amount to the tuition requirements. Similarly, a very high international graduate student population is involves in research projects funded by state governments and private industry. These students have been performing very well in these research fields and it would be highly encouraging for them to get training opportunities by implementing this proposal. 

The proposal addresses most of the drawbacks of the existing OPT-STEM program however, it should also consider one important issue. Currently, the OPT-STEM EAD restricts the nonimmigrant to leave the country one the program starts since it is a single entry visa. Even though the F-1 visa is a multiple entry visa, the OPT-STEM I-20s mention that the EAD card is not valid for re-entry into the US. For students availing this 1 year OPT and proposed 24-month STEM extension, the visa status should be multiple entry so that the student may visit the home country at least once in the 3-year period. Apart from this issue, most of the issues in the existing system have been properly addressed and the new proposal should definitely be implemented as soon as possible.
