Qian Sun, University of Florida 
I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:
1. I chose to study in America and one of the major reasons is OPT extension.
When I decided to study abroad, actually I was thinking Australia and US. Because of OPT extension policy in US, I thought I could work in US for at least two years after graduation and has an opportunity to well understand American companies and culture and also, let American companies understand culture of my country. Mutual understanding will stimulate international business activity, create more jobs, and improve economic growth in US.
Without OPT extension, studying in US is not that attractive to me. I would choose Australia instead.
I firmly believe US, without OPT extension, will lose advantage in attracting international students to other countries, like Australia, UK, New Zealand...

2. We international students did not and will not steal jobs from Americans. We get hired only because we are qualified. Chasing us away, will not make unqualified local people become qualified workers and will not create more jobs either.
We international students actually create a beneficial competition environment and everybody who wants a job has to work very hard to earn it. 
The competition motivates people to learn new knowledge and improve themselves continuously. 
The competition will only stimulate US economic growth and create more jobs.
Without competition, people just get lazy and expect things to come easy for them. That kind of environment will only make the whole country grow slower and lose more jobs. 

3. We international students actually contribute greatly to growth of US economy. With OPT extension, we will only contribute more and more to economic growth in US.
The high tuition, the rent, the food, the traveling, we spend a lot of money during our stay in US. If we can continuously work for two-three years in America, which only means we will contribute more money to US economy growth for another two-three years.
