Allowing students to be employed under OPT with the STEM extension is a fantastic benefit for the United States and its economy. These are the students that come to the United States and study inside the country, and get degrees inside the country. They are a value asset that the US invested in. These students want to invest back into the country. From my experience, they all look for jobs in the same way as any other American citizen does, they go through absolutely the same interview process and are exposed to the same benefits as American citizens - the wage difference is a myth that is being perpetuated by parties not familiar with the subject. There is no problem with "fairness" - every single international student goes through the same exact process as any American to get employed, but with ten times more restrictions. Whoever mentioned that it is just a matter of hiring foreign workers for cheap labor is, once again - not aware of the process to get a work authorization. Coming to the United States on an F-1 visa, pay out-of-state tuition, combined with international fees, limited amount of on and off-campus employment, restrictions for work hours - all these are the things international students are already going through that no American student does. If on top of that, they are passionate and talented enough to apply for high-skill jobs, and get them - America cannot afford to lose those students.

The future Bill Gates, Elon Musk, Steve Jobs - all of them are there. Every single international STEM student that I got the honor to meet over the past couple of years showed tremendous work ethic, dedication and most of all - appreciation for what the United States has to offer. These are the people that gave up on a lot to come to the US and study - study in fields that are by no means trivial. Major innovators in this country were all immigrants or descendants of immigrants - it's time we look past someone's origin and more at their abilities and willingness 