It's amazing how much control the cheap-labor lobby and the cheap-liberal-votes lobby have had over our economy, our culture, our society, and our entire nation and its policies and procedures relative to this issue. We're headed rapidly toward the $19,000,000,000,000 immediate national debt marker, yet we just keep bending the rules and ignoring the obvious regarding the unfettered, unregulated, and unmitigated "immigration" (invasion) of our homeland with all its liabilities and costs, and all its scant and scarce assets and benefits. 

This invasion is CLEARLY threatening our safety, security, sovereignty, solvency, stability, sanity, and even survival. We simply can't continue to endlessly incur this magnitude of expense and risk and expect to come away either unscathed or remotely better off in any way--as a nation. Sure, some will benefit, just as some always benefit with our domestic income redistribution schemes--but they always benefit to the detriment of those actually paying the bills or living with the liabilities. 

If this reckless chaos and dangerous anarchy isn't soon addressed and curtailed in a meaningful, explicit, emphatic, and dramatic way, it will be a major factor in the eventual and final demise of our republic. To the naive and the gullible, it may seem like a somewhat benign event, and one that simply calls for a little institutional charity and some minor adjustments in policies and procedures. But reality and vision dictate that it will in fact have a snowballing effect which will be unmatched in its destructive potential. There are over 7,000,000,000 humans on our planet, but given their average lifestyles, incomes, and standards of living, probably 80% of them are third-world inhabitants who would gladly and readily "immigrate" to the U. S. if they simply could find the (any) means and also enjoy the least bit of invitational or even provocational influence. Are we ready to endure that kind of onslaught over the coming years? The answer