I have to say it is really a good policy. I strongly agree with this policy. My English writing skill is not so good as the expert, but I still want to write something to support that.

U.S. is the biggest country that live on the based of modern technique. Modern technique has already become one of element in American life. Every people has to enjoy, has to live, has to make their lives with technique. They cannot spend their spare time without IPad. They cannot enjoy a wonderful movie without Holly wood. They even cannot eat or drink without online shopping. They are all technique. It is the excellent engineers who help the people has their lives. I have to say, a large portion of them are foreign engineer. It is their hard work that support the USA as the only one most powerful technique country on the earth. 

I see lots of comments that stat foreign works take many jobs from US citizens. It is unfair to the local people. I have to say it is complete wrong. US has 200 years history. During this period, thousands of people who come from overseas to this land and contribute their energy to it. At the first, they are all foreign and immigrations. 200 years later, there are still foreign engineers who come to this free land to seek their dreams and contributes to this country. Is their anything different? They all want to make this land more powerful and stronger. They all want to change the world better! 

Secondly, if government let these engineers back to their country, is there any work force to take the pervious job? The one who give the statements that foreign engineers occupy their jobs must be the person who completely have no ability to finish the technique work. Or they will do themselves rather than just complain at home. 

These foreign engineers has paid the highest tax to the government. These many have been used on education and medical service to help the US people. It is their wisdom and hard work that make this Country run in the right track. Witho