I strongly support the extension of OPT. This proposal will benefit the United States.

First, the U.S. universities will benefit because the extension of OPT will attracts more international students. In fact many foreign students choose U.S. universities to pursue a bachelor, master or doctor degree given offers from universities in UK, Canada and other countries. These students pay high tuition fees so they contribute to the revenue of universities much. In addition, they also flourish the local restaurants, apartment companies and shopping malls.

Second, the U.S. will benefit from the contributions they high-technique international employees make. These employees not only help U.S. become the strongest countries in the field of science and technology, but contribute the U.S. economy much. According to the Partnership For A New American Economy (chrome-extension://oemmndcbldboiebfnladdacbdfmadadm/http://www.renewoureconomy.org/sites/all/themes/pnae/img/new-american-fortune-500-june-2011.pdf), immigrant-founded Fortune 500 companies employed 3.6 million workers around the world in 2011 and were responsible for more than $1.7 trillion in revenues in 2010.

Besides, I see there are many negative comments about this proposal, the main concerns are the lower wages of international employees, the fierce competition and less job opportunities for Americans. I would like to response some concerns:

1. Lower wages. In fact this is a wrong preconception. Many international students earn much more than the minimal wage even during their internship. For example, my labmates interned in NEC lab and HP lab earn about $8,000 per month. In addition the salaries of many jobs in the engineering and science field are higher than the GDP per capita of U.S. For example the median wages of a computer programmer is $76,140 (http://money.usnews.com/careers/best-jobs/computer-programmer). Therefore, lower wages is never a reason for the unemployment of native Americans.

2. Less positio