Dear Sir or Madam,

Im a Ph.D. student studying at University of Washington, Seattle. Im writing to express my complete support for extending the STEM OPT extension by 24 months. I briefly listed out the benefits of this new regulation from the perspective of international students, U.S. employers, and U.S. society in the following:

First of all, this 24-month extension would give an immediate benefit on the international students who make up more than half of STEM advanced degrees earned at American colleges and universities, according to a study released on June 18, 2015. As we know that in order to continue working in U.S. beyond the OPT time period, the internationals need to get approved with a H-1B visa through the USCIS lottery which has a notoriously high failing rate of 51%. Without the 24-month OPT extension, more than half of international STEM students will be forced to leave the job occupations in U.S. This will not only hurt millions of international STEM students every year, but will likely have a great negative impact on the U.S. colleges and universities, because prospect international student enrollment will be hindered. If they knew that the country that they are going to earn a degree in is not supportive for their career development after graduation, why would they come to earn a degree here paying the expensive tuitions?

Secondly, without the 24-month extension, the U.S. employers would lose millions of well-educated, high-skilled international employees with STEM degrees. It would result in a complete waste of the employers hiring effort and expense, training resources, and most importantly, a great reduction on their talent pool. A huge impact on the overall company performance is likely to be seen, therefore result in a great reduction on their overall productivity and revenue.

Last but not the least, the U.S. society in general will benefit greatly from this new regulation. Diversity and equality are two of the most important factors tha