Umair Javaid It is my firmly held and informed opinion that the STEM OPT extension should continue to exist. I am aware of someone, whom I have known for many years now, who would be personally affected by changes brought on by alterations to the STEM OPT extension. This young man has proven himself to be an excellent student and an ambitious, diligent, and dedicated worker throughout his entire time here. As I have come to know him, I can honestly say he is nothing short of an invaluable asset, one that we cannot afford to lose. It is disheartening and disconcerting to think that we would be willing to allow someone with such talent and tremendous competence to leave our shores. If we are to remain a nation of extraordinary capability we must retain these young students of extraordinary capacity. We should be nurturing and training such individuals to stay and work here so they may add to the ingenuity, expertise, and success of our great land. In an increasingly competitive world, we would be woefully remiss to let gems that have been polished by our very own institutions enrich foreign countries instead of our own. It would be nothing short of detrimental if were to fail in retaining the precious resources we have cultivated. 

Although the argument for the continuation of the STEM OPT extension may simply seem to be a matter of losing raw talent, we must not overlook the inestimable social costs these students will have to bear if the extension is not granted. I am sure that in addition to the student I have mentioned in particular there will be many others who will also have to face separation from their families who live here. These students will have to suffer the burden of this unimaginable toll simply due to the lack on an extension, despite having the ambition and drive to succeed here in the United States. 

We must do whatever we can to foster talent and intelligence here on our own soil, and making sure that the STEM OPT extension continues is a duty to which we must oblige.
