S. Ali Reza Fayazi I strongly support the OPT extension based on the following facts: 

1: Practical training will help new graduates to gain practical training experience they need. It also gives the graduates an opportunity to contribute to USA using what they have learned. It makes no sense to ask students leave this country right after graduation without contributing to the country.

2: Each year the companies in USA hire the best graduates from around the world. This has been possible because foreign students has chosen to study in USA so far. Without facilitating the entry of the university students into the USA industry for training or working, the foreign students will be less willing to choose USA as their study abroad destination. In this case, other countries will benefit from this situation because they actually offer more incentives to attract the high skilled workers and students.

3: If OPT extension is canceled, it will not provide a second opportunity for F1 students in STEM Degrees to apply H1B. In this case, the F1 students not selected in H1B lottery for the first time should leave the country, and they cannot work on OPT for another year until they get another chance to file H1B and maybe try lottery next year.

3: By OPT extension, the transition from F1 visa to H1-B work visa is facilitated. However, this does not mean that every single F-1 student will take a job (H1-B visa) in USA after graduation. In fact, not all students are interested to stay in USA after graduation; some students go back to their countries or choose another country to work. Also not all students can meet the job requirements asked by the American companies; only the best students are selected by these companies. As a result, the OPT extension would not increase the number of H1-B workers by itself. I dont understand some negative comments concerning that OPT extension will actually increase the number of immigrants in USA!!!

4: Unfortunately I see some comments arguing whether outsiders are taking jobs away from citizens. This is not true because:

First, there is no evidence that foreign workers displace the American workers. A report published by Brookings Institution and confirmed by the New York Times found that the college-educated Americans are not more likely to be unemployed in a competition with guest workers on H1-B visas.

Second, American engineers with certain specialties are not easy to find. The reason, according to the National Science Foundation, could be that a little more than 40 percent of all engineering graduate students are from abroad. So it is obvious that foreigners are not taking any jobs away from citizens. Americans simply arent studying STEM in sufficient numbers in graduate level to keep pace with demand. Silicon Valley companies are warning a labor shortage and are asking government to let in more foreign professionals.

Finally, the presence of skilled outsiders would only create a competition environment which is actually an advantage in order to make American and guest workers work harder.

In conclusion, not only F-1 students will benefit from this extension but also America will benefit.

-- 
Ali Reza Fayazi,
Research Assistant,
Clemson University,
Email: sfayazi@g.clemson.edu
