Being one of the thousands of international students who are pursuing higher education in the United States, this rule affects me and my cohorts directly. There are a number of reasons why this rule should be implemented as outlined below:-

1) A student pursuing a masters or a PhD has to go to extreme lengths to first get admission, funding, to graduate in good standing and finally to obtain a position in the industry. These individuals like me are well educated and envision a better life by advancing the area in which they specialize by playing key roles in the industry. Such a proposed extension would not only help the US Economy but also help the United States retain the talent it nurtured. If not implemented, there is always a risk of losing out talent to other countries.

2) Secondly, with more time given to STEM students to thrive in the country, it also gives interested students a chance to innovate and establish new companies and ventures. The entrepreneurship brought in by the non-immigrant STEM workers will also benefit the US STEM workers by creating more jobs in the industry. 

3) The alternate view of non-supporters of this proposal might counter with the argument that US based workers are losing out on jobs because non-immigrants get paid less and are hired by employers because of less demands. However, we should note that a country like United States promotes free competition to make everything better, be it the market, education or the industry. Furthermore, most employers specifically state that they do not discriminate against any person with regard to country of citizenship, age, sex and so on. Considering the employers do follow the law and obey fair industry practices, this only leaves out knowledge, skills, experience and suitability for the job as important factors to actually attain employment.

4) Some comments also mentioned that many citizens are in debt while opposing this rule. However we should note that the cost of tuition that a rece