I absolutely SUPPORT the proposal for the new STEM OPT 24 month extension.

There are 3 general facts that could strongly support my argument:

1. The international students bring huge benefits for US, especially for those industrial fields which hire STEM academic students. The international students boost our economy and their presents bring more possible employment opportunities. I work in IT company, in this fields, so many excellent employees are from international students and they are the backbone of this industry. They work hard, work great and pay many taxes, you cannot imagine the picture that if we excluded them out of this industry by shrinking OPT period, I can say that 50% talented people in Google, Microsoft, Yahoo, Facebook and so many other major companies would be lost!!!! The STEM students support our STEM industries, without them, the entire industry will suffer from a huge blow!

2.Many people claim that international student brings down our basic salary standard and are responsible for SE and IT economy depression.This is total wrong!!! The STEM academic students have nothing to do with this issue at all. Almost all the STEM students are highly educated intellectual, their salary is much higher than basic standard, so they are not the reason why our basic salary is low. And the reason why our economy growth in computer and IT industry are weak is exactly because that we reject those STEM students to stay and turn to employ inexperienced people. (Needless to say that those inexperienced "cheap" people drag our basic salary down, not STEM students) We evict the most innovative and hard-working people we once trained in our top education institutes, they come back to their own countries and also take away our ideas and knowledge, that is why our economy is so bad and is losing competitive power!

3.Rejecting STEM extension is not the symbol and foundation of our nation, the free and dream land that accepts and evaluates people by ability, not the 