When I heard the news that the OPT extension might be cancelled, my heart fall into worry and sorrow. I understand there do exist the need of controlling immigration, but surely this rule is critical to this nation as well as its people.

United States as the greatest country on earth, have been at the top on this planet for over a century. The power of Uncle Sam comes not only from the glory as the winner of World War, but also comes from its domination in economics, culture, science and technology. Science and technology is a key factor for this domination. One simple fact can describe the advantage in technology: Introduced 30 years ago, F-22 Raptor is still the most advanced aircraft in operation nowadays.

The science and technology development in this country contribute to the strongest army, biggest economy and most desirable living environment in this world, attracting large number of foreign students here. Thanks to the good education this country is providing, a lot foreign students finish their study and become qualified scientist or technicians hired by companies across the world. Now here is the question, should these young scientist and technicians be expelled from the country after they finished the first period of OPT, or offered a chance of extension? 

Just take a simple look at the industry and universities we can find how previous foreign students are contributing to USA's leading position in this world. So many non US born specialists are working for this country. A large percentage of them got their first employment as a OPT student. Of course they can switch to other visa status, such as H-1B. But the immigration pressure in this country is so huge that every year only limited number of H-1B visas are provided. It is the OPT extension that keeps them here and satisfying the employers' need. The STEM students are here to help, helping to keep the prosperity of this country. The industry will face severe problems if they cannot find enough quali