I strongly support the proposed rule for the following reasons:

1. I commented on Benefits of International Students in the United States article.

Our international students tuition fee is almost more than twice as expensive as that of residents. For example, I am a Master student in Electrical Engineering, and I spent 12794.14 dollars per semester for over nine credits as a non-resident. Meanwhile, a resident master student spent 6010.14 per semester for the same credits. My total expense per semester is more than two times than that of a resident. My parents paid my all expenses including the tuition fees and living expenses at the USA with money earned for more than ten years with a less than two-thousand dollars monthly salary in a small city at China. Because they want to provide me the best education, so they poured most of money into my education at the USA. Therefore, I have tried my best to study hard for two years because this opportunity is an exchange of my parents over ten years works. After studying at University with double tuition fees, our international students also need internships or work experiences as same as resident students. 

2. International students are very difficult to find an internship or a job in the USA compared to the citizens. For instance, I finished all my course works, and I will graduate soon. Now I am looking for an internship and last week I got two on-campus interviews from an IT company at my University. I got great interviews, and they said I impressed them a lot. I also applied for more than ten positions at that company. However, after interviews and many applications, I just received one by one reject email from the firm because they do not want to hire me because I can't work for a long time without sponsorship, even I can use 12 months plus 17 months extension. They even dont want to give me any further interview for any internship position because of sponsorship. In comparison, American citizens very easily got th