Xinhong Zhang I STRONGLY SUPPORT this new OPT extension rule. I think this rule can not only benefit international students, but also boost the economical development of the States.

First of all, the reason why most international students choose to further their study in States rather than other countries like Canada, Australia and New Zealand is that the States has a reasonable OPT rule. What students from STEM majors really values is not only world famous professors and high-tech laboratories, but also the chance to apply their knowledge into practices. Because the best way to grasp knowledge is to practice by yourself. And OPT extension exactly offers international students this chance. Thus, with regard to our study plan and career development, international students prefer to vote for the States. My cousin, Cheng Zhang, has proved my statement with his choice about abroad study. Two years ago, he decided to further his study of Electrical Engineering. But the alternative choices overwhelmed him. Universities in Canada could offer him fellowship and cover all his tuition, while he could also study in high-rank universities in England, such as Imperial College and University College London. After several days' consideration, he chose to go to America because only in America could he work for several years after graduation, which he thought was the most important and beneficial to his career. So, to attract more students to pursue master degree and Ph.D, this new OPT extension rule should be passed.

What's more, the individuals of the States can actually benefit from this new rule. OPT extension means more time to work in the States, which provides the local areas with more workforce and need for consumption. These graduates students will work hard to sharp their skills and, more important, they will spur the economical development of local areas. More supermarkets and restaurants will be built to offer them food and groceries. They may also go to watch movie in cinema and go fishing or hiking in international parks. So more jobs opportunities will be created to satisfied the booming needs of these people. The unemployment rate can be decreased a lot and the GDP of local community can increase tremendously. If the OPT extension is canceled, the downtown will never be as prosperous as today and homeless people will crowd in the corner at midnight bothering neighbors. As we can see, this new rule can indeed bring peace and prosperity to the community of America.

