Shijun Huang OPT extension will benefit both international students and industries in the US. 

For international students who have completed their degree in the US, OPT allows them to apply the knowledge they have learned to the industries they are familiar with. As a result, these students are more well prepared for their careers, whether they choose to stay in the US or not. They can also benefit the companies that hire them with their multi-cultural backgrounds. Many international students choose the US over the UK or other countries for because of this very opportunity. Without the OPT or other similar opportunities, American higher education would not be as preferable and talents across the world would not be as likely to conduct cutting-edge researches in the STEM fields in top American universities, resulting in a loss for both sides.

For US industries, OPT is necessary because the STEM industries are rapidly growing and more work force is needed to meet the demand. According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, jobs in the STEM industries are growing AT LEAST as fast as the average. Demand for mathematicians, for example, is going to increase by 23% by 2022. Some people argue that companies can hire foreigners for cheaper price, thus causing Americans to be unemployed. There is no survey or research showing that foreigners in the STEM industries are paid less at all because the companies need to pay competitive wages to keep talents to get the jobs done regardless of their origins. Others claim that over the years foreigners cause many in the tech industries to lose their jobs. While it is true that many in the STEM industries have lost their jobs over the years, it is not because of foreigners. Technologies change so fast that old skills may be quickly outdated and a mere college degree is never a life-long guarantee for employment. This is true for both international and native workers. Thus, OPT will not let any qualified American citizen lose his or her job in the STEM industries. Moreover, if international students leave US after their education, more engineers and scientists will be working in countries like China and India, creating more competitions and causing more loss for US companies.
