Dick Travis I strongly support the proposed rule and I recommend it be extended to 36 months. 

Having graduated from one of the biggest research Univs in Midwest, I know this more than anyone else that how scarce tech worker resources are. I had an engineering major and if you ever walked into one of my lectures, you will instantly find more foreign students than American students. Don't blame the shortage of Tech workers on Foreign student. It is because too many Americans would prefer study sociology or business majors that do not require deep mathematical background. I have been to multiple career fairs and most of the students who went there are foreign students. Again, it is not that the STEM employers do not want to hire Americans, it is because there are not many Americans to fill the spots.

Hiring an international student can be quite costly, aside from the compliance fees that an employer has to pay on behalf of the foreign employee, he also needs to pay extra taxes and fees to file for the foreign employee's work authorization. What is the inventive for hiring international students if there is an easy option of hiring an American counterpart? Tech labor shortage is obvious. The root cause is not because foreign workers demand lower pay, it is rather that not many American students and high schoolers want to go to the field of STEM.

On another note, we have heard too many stories about how international students making contributions to the US overall wellness. Instagram, Twitter, Facebook or eve Google started small by international students. Instagram co-founder almost lost it because he couldn't get a working authorization. Google CEO is an indian American who obtained his undergraduate degree from the US. Had they not been given a chance to stay and contribute, would we still have these Tech giants that help make the US one of the strongest economies in the world? I guess not.

Based on the above, please consider my recommendation of extending this OPT extension to 36 months. Thank you.
