Hi, 

I would like to submit the following comments regarding recent USICE Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, which is published in Federal Register on 10/19/2015.

I am an international student in the United States and currently under OPT extension. I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in Jan 2015 with a PhD degree in the field of Electrical engineering. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers on U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without implementing the recently proposed new Rule, I will have to leave the United States before Feb 12, 2016.


I was really glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule. The proposal to reinstitute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. This experiential learning will allow me to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in a professional setting. 


Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will help U.S. companies in the application of the latest strategies and techniques in the field against global competitors. Expanding opportunities for STEM graduates especially benefits employers in high-tech industries. The expanding practical training opportunities for international students will enhance U.S. companies by providing novel perspectives, fresh ideas, new processes, and specialized skill sets to augment the abilities of staff employees. FSTEM students will also allow employers the opportunity to accomplish bigger projects, achieve more innovation, and develop new products and technology, all of which will further fuel the U.S. economy.

Given that the H