There is no shortage of American STEM workers. There is no shortage of American STEM students. There is no reason to sabotage either American STEM workers or American STEM students by abusing the Immigration System to import cheap foreign labor for greedy American Corporations. 

The American IT workers at Disney World (and the N.Y. Times)

http://www.nytimes.com/2015/06/04/us/last-task-after-layoff-at-disney-train-foreign-replacements.html?_r=0

can tell you how foreign worker visas are being used to layoff American workers.

At it's heart, it's nothing more than what it appears to be, --a Corporate scam, supported by its Corporate servants ( The U.S. Congress ), based on a lie (STEM worker shortage), to lower Corporate payroll costs and eliminate the American Middle Class. 

Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa, in a letter to President Obama, has shown the following specific concerns:

"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 years - the same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be valid - there is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent."

the proposed regulations are "irresponsible and dangerous considering the Government Accountability Office (GAO) report issued in March 2014 finding that the program was full of inefficiencies, susceptible to fraud, and that the Department was not adequately overseeing it."

"The report also found a major national security problem in that the Department does not know where tens of thousands of foreign students are living and working in the country. The GAO said that 'ICE cannot fully ensure foreign students working under optional practical training are maintaining their legal status in the United States.'"

"After the GAO issued its report in 2014, I wrote to you and urged you to consider issuing a moratorium on OPT approvals until the program was secured and students could be