The OPT Program that DHS proposes to expand needs to be permanently disbanded, throw away The OPT program 
. My husband is a STEM worker and his wages were severely cut as a graduate with 2 degrees Univ of // Engineering School and Computer Science.

. My Husband retired, forced to retire early because of foreign workers taking the open engineering jobs or working for less pay.

OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.
Background of spouse to show he is accomplished engineer: 

Early career he worked on optical scanner . The devbeloment hardware and software enabled to read sender's writing on envelopes and tell the sort machine what to do.
Not too much problem early in his career with foreign workers.
Problems came later in his career.

One of his last engineering jobs was a solo effort. He made millions of dollars for the company. He developed software used in telecommunications.

I might add with pride that he met many American engineers who are as capable as he. He met the inventor of a certain phone technology. Inventor is A normal American guy working out of a smaller company in a smaller city. Company gained huge profits from invention, not the engineer. 

Spouse lost out of many jobs to foreign workers. And settled for less money. He retired early because of foreigners. I surmise you probably think something is wrong socially or emotionally with American Engineers to let their jobs be taken over by foreigners. Not my husband. He is bright conversationalist. Anyways I enjoy engineering types. fascinating, loving people. 

I want to add foreign tech workers aren't able to grasp the finished concept of projects as American Engineers do. foreigners needed lots of help on projects from American Engineers. Some foreigners couldn't meet deadlines, and when asked questions about deadlines or get fired they would magically appear with the software code 