Jack John 
OPT extension may help improve American's strength in STEM.

When I know what is OPT first time, I think it's great to give international students the chance to practice the skills. But my friends argue that they steal job opportunity from citizens. It's shortsighted and unjust to say these students will make damage to interest of American people. 

I have read a paper talking about the students with high degree will make more contribution even more job opportunities for American. It reminds me that now we are short of people who work in the engineering industry. For example, our country needs so much engineers in Computer Science. And software engineering will provide very good salaries. Many people want to work in companies like Google, Facebook. But these high tech companies needs OPT students. Why? Because American people with skills in coding are far not enough. If students with OPT have to go back to out competitor country and do the same job, it will be a lose for us.

I have some friends who are international students. They told me that they like to come to US for education because of OPT especially STEM students will have an extension. They pay thousands of dollar not just want to get a degree but want to practice in real work. If the OPT is canceled for students, it will make huge damage for American education related to attracting international students.

Our president want to modify the immigration process so that our country can attract more talent people from the whole world. And these OPT students definitely will make contribution for our country. 
USA is an immigration country and people with good knowledge and skills should be allowed to come and work for American

There are thousand hundred people using OPT extension. They work hard for the company and USA. Suddenly, the country said you will to get out of my country just because you are not a CITIZEN. Is this USA? Is this liberty? After then who will like to spend so much money to study and work in our country?
