I strongly support the OPT extension for nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees with the following reasons:

1. USA is always welcome well-educated foreigners in its history. Now USA is one of the most developed countries in the world. One important reason is it absorbed millions of well-educated foreigners at the beginning of 20th century, especially in science and technology. I don't see any reason why USA should stop doing that. 

2. Many well-known public universities of USA now face financial problem. I am from University of California. They have to raise the tuition to get through the hard time. Another important way to alleviate the financial problem is to enroll more international students, especially in STEM degrees. In the latest 3 years, my university enrolled international student with STEM degrees from several dozens to several hundreds. This is impossible if the OPT extension is declined. In that case, no more international students choose to come to USA and the financial problem of my university will get worse. 

3. The international students work harder and have become an indispensible part of most of the IT companies in the USA. Without OPT extension, most of those companies will face a serious human resource problem. 

4. Although a number of Americans are out of work, most of them are not in the areas of STEM. The extension of STEM OPT won't take their work chances. The jobs are open to everyone. If they are qualified, there is no way other nonimmigrant students will take their jobs. 

5. 2-3 years is enough for a new employee to know his/her job well and make contribution to his/her company. If the OPT is for only one year, a large number of employees have to leave before they can contribute to the companies, considering new employees have to receive training for several months. It is a quite waste of resources of the companies in USA. Meanwhile, a work experience of 2-3 years is very helpful for me to get a new job when I go back to my own coun