The new rules on 24-month STEM OPT extension have numerous benefits for the companies and high-level education institutions with no harm to local workers.

Firstly, students on OPT, especially those from Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics majors are well-educated with specialized skills that are highly needed by a lot of US hi-tech companies. It is known that large quantities of US hi-tech companies including Google, Facebook, Amazon, etc are hiring many STEM OPT students each year. If the 24-month STEM extension rules can be officially effective, STEM students can have in total 3 years of OPT, which means they have more chances of winning H1B working visa lottery. More importantly, talented students who are eagerly pursed by US hi-tech companies can have higher possibility of working for their employers eventually. If a company pays a lot of efforts to train an STEM OPT student for a year, and then the student fails H1B lottery and has to go back home, it is still OK if the student is "expendable". It should be noted that even the company can function without the student, losing such a skillful labor means losing enterprise competitiveness. On the other hand, if the student is a must-have asset for the company, what happens? The worst consequence is that a part of this company might not even function properly, and the company has to pay even more efforts to find an alternative worker. Well, if the company manages to find one. But in most cases, the company cannot find a substitution in a timely manner, it loses profits. Therefore, passing the 24-month OPT extension rules for STEM student is necessary, from the view of US hi-tech companies.

Secondly, from perspective of a local US worker, allowing more OPT students to work legally in US appears to mean that the local worker may lose his/her job or get lower wage. However, this is not true. For those who objects the new rules on 24-month OPT extension for STEM students simply because of this reason, pl