The time has come to abolish the F-1 and H1-B visa programs because we are facing a national emergency, the jobs Depression. The well-being of our society is being crushed by allowing employers to legally import hundreds of thousands of foreign nationals to take good jobs in the U.S.

I propose revoking all F-1 and H1-B visas over the course of two years. While they are waiting to leave, the visa holders can train American replacements who will be hired to replace them. Critics will argue that employers will offshore jobs in response but, as an IT industry insider, I can assure you that is not the case. H1-B visa holders are brought into the U.S. for a reason. There are aspects of human communication that prevent certain kinds of IT specialists from being physically separated from the business people who need them. If employers could have offshored these jobs, they would have done so in the first place.

Years ago, "on-the-job training" was a common phrase and a common practice. It's time to revive it. In the autumn of 1982, I was hired, along with 20 other newly-minted college graduates, by Continental Illinois Bank in Chicago. We were all placed in the "Financial Information Services Training Program" for four months of full-time paid training. Yes, you read that correctly. We were intensively trained each day for sixteen weeks in the basics of COBOL programming and financial accounting. At the end of this time, we were distributed out to various accounting and IT areas in the bank to become apprentices. My first job title there actually contained the word "apprentice."

None of us had majored in computer science. The bank knew we had no "technical skills." Management wanted to have bright, well-educated people who had no preconceived notions about computer programming. Continental Bank wanted to teach us to do things the Continental Bank way.

Businesses are actually very clever at problem-solving. Our society can't allow them to pretend to be helpless about trai