As a foreign student who benefited from the OPT program with the previous 17-month extension for STEM degrees, I definitely advocate this proposed rule, especially on the proposed 24-month extension on the OPT program for F-1 students who graduate with a STEM degree.

I graduated with an engineering STEM degree two years ago, and was ready to start the new chapter of my life. I did not feel like the technical questions during my job interviews were too challenging for me; however, I still could not quite imagine what I would be doing on a daily basis simply from the job descriptions. Now I have been working in a technical consulting firm for more than two years, and finally feel that I'm on track. I have interacted with clients from many different industries, and could see how the world works as a integrated complicated system. Now I can better understand the what my job is able to offer to the society, as well as the importance of how I perform. As a technical consultant, it makes a big difference when integrity plays a role. This helps to enhance the relationship between the clients and government agencies, which usually means that public welfare is protected in the first place.

From what I see, the real-life on-job training is the only way for students who just finished school to understand and learn how the world works. Internship is also a type of on-job training; however, what could be learnt from internship is somewhat limited due to the short time span. Additionally, most of the companies would define "entry-level" as with minimum of two years of related experience. To understand the big-picture of an industry, it would at least take two years on the job. Therefore, I see that OPT program with extension period that cover more than two years will definitely help new graduates to gain the valuable on-job training and enhance the understanding of the industry.

Moreover, integrity means more than "doing the right thing" when it comes to real-life circumstances