Dear Chief Westerlund:

I would like to submit another comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students," published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015. My last comment was more general, this time I would like to talk about my opinion in more detail, as well as some personal experiences.

As an international student, I pursued a Master's degree in Statistics and graduated in 2014. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has jeopardized the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa for me during the filing period in 2016, I will have to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes.

You can't imagine how excited I was to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

Shortly before my graduation, I received a job for a position in Modeling and Analytics Department from my current company, which is one the top financial service provider in the nation. However, the process of getting me on board was proved to be difficult. The HR department was reluctant to hire international student because the process was too completed. My boss spent so much effort to push the HR to approve my job offer. It took almost 4 months to get me on board. After I joined, I learned that before I was hired, they have been trying to find someone to fill this position for over half a year. It was just really hard to find someone suitable for this kind of position. Analytics Department is an extremely part of the company. Executives of the company make decisions based on our analysis. A short staffed Analytics Department would directly impact the revenue and the performance of the company. 

In gene