I abdolutely SUPPORT the proposal for the new 24 month-extension of STEM OPT. Three reasons are worthy of mentioning: 1. The U.S. should let the international students majoring in a STEM subject stay longer in the country as this can continously boost the technological and economic development of the U.S. U.S. has a long history of immigration friendly policy which makes the country strong annd thriving. The dominating status of the U.S. in the world in science and technology nowadays is largely owing to the contribution made by millions of scientific and technological talents coming from all over the world. Without their contribution, a lot of domestic industries could not have been so prosperous, e.g. IT. The science and technology is the key to the further advancement of the U.S economy which benefits everyone of Americans. So in order for the future economy, we should allow those students holding F-1 visa stay longer.
2. The diversity of the society is very important. Only by enriching the diversity can this country absorb the essence of various cultures and maintain diverse public voices. And the exchange of ideas and thoughts is good for the U.S. and eventually good for our human beings. Diversity of cultures can also prevent biased or partial collective opionions and behaviors in this country.
3. Some argue that those international students create intense competition for jobs in the U.S. In fact, this is a good thing in a long run. The competion can push the majority of our citizens to enhance and increase their skills and can give our companies more choices so as to maintain their power. As we know, citizens already have a natural edge when competing with foreigners because they do not need sponsorship and they have language advantage. We should probably blame our elementary education in STEM instead of immigrants if our citizens still find it hard to land a job in STEM field with all these advantages! If we let the tremendous amount of skill-equipped human 