First of all, I strongly support this proposal. I support this proposal is because this proposal will benefit both USA economy and also from my personal career decision. 

Not sure if all reviewers have read the entire documentation carefully. I was impressed by the data provided by Homeland Security Department. It is obviously that economy can benefit from having more well educated young people working in US. 

Looking back several years, we can clearly feel that, OPT is one of the most attractive reasons that make US to be the most popular place for foreign students. Most school have about one third students is from foreign country. Foreign students usually pay the highest education fee and most of the tax which are used to support local/native students. Of course, these well educated students have to find a major related work in US. These high tech jobs opportunities usually needs a 4 years collage education and some experience, and university probably is the only place could provide such kind of high quality students.

Beside the existing benefit of this proposal, the proposal will actually be the precondition for America to maintain its super leadership in world. The undeniable truth is that, innovation and technology is the key to success. Leadership of America is based on leadership of every major industries and research. The only way to keep American's leadership is to respect the work and knowledge of well educated middle class. Provide enough support and a friendly community to let them feel free to create and contribute. If government reject people who are working hard and willing to contribute for US, I don't believe anyone else are willing to support US. 

For those people who complain about higher cost of life and much competition in career. I will say, there are a lot of ways to solve these problems. The best way to resolve challenge is to face it instead of hoping it to disappear by work around it. If people and government are determined to solve the