I definitely support new OPT STEM extension rule. As it is a beneficial both for International students and the residents.

1. They students greatly contributes to schools' income and states' income, as tuition and living expense.
2. Those who end up with a job positions are most talent elite from top schools. They contribute greatly to USA on economics and high tech.
3. They cannot enjoy benefits and rights for the citizens, but have to pay taxes as residents.

Besides, I so much suspect correctness with the conclusion of the following two points and the real purpose of the author, of the article "Obscure Immigration Program Hurts U.S. Residents Both Young and Old". 

> It denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and 
> It removed $4 billion (with a B) from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds. 

Basically, my reasoning is as follows: 1.430,000 jobs denying for native workers is given based on NOTHING. How can he concludes the jobs by OPT issues number? Is it because the total number of OPT issues from 2009-2013 is 433,137 in total? Those who has even a little knowledge of OPT should know that issue of OPT DOES NOT guarantee any relationship of employment at all. It is absurd and absolutely unfair to give this conclusion. Positively, half of OPT students can finally end up with a internship or a full-time position. The most of a half is leaving USA. Little among this figure is able to convert to other working visas, only a few of employers have the ability to sponsor H1B. Even much less of the rate to luckily get the visa from a pool of lottery! That's the real life of international students. They are not easy, life is not simple for them. 2. The second point, the loss of funds to the society. I do not believe the number and the contribution to this number is from OPT students at all. As usual employees, OPT students are tax payers, which is required by laws. What's the unfair thing is the students as tax payers, but DO NOT