Dear Chief Westerlund:

I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

As an international student in the United States, I received my Bachelor and Master degrees of Electrical Engineering from University of Michigan in 2013 and 2015. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. I started to work for my current employer in January 2015. Even though my employer sponsored me t apply for the H-1B VISA, I was not able to get one due to the H-1B cap. Without the availability of a STEM extension, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes in January 2016.

I was glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Graduates

The proposal to reinstitute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. This experiential learning will allow me to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in a professional setting. STEM graduates like me should be given more opportunity to gain valuable applied experience and make connections in professional fields they are considering for career paths. As a matter of fact, most new college graduates need 6 months or more to get adapted to industrial working environment and their own employs' internal working flow. That being said, the regular 12-month OPT period only provides STEM students 6 months or less to do some real industrial work and learn from th