I'm writing this comment on behalf of myself, a stem major student coming from China. I came to the U.S three years ago, as a transfer student. Haven't even reach my 20's, I came to a country that is completely new to me. I was nervous and overwhelmed. The mere motivation that helped me to go through the transition was to pursue what everyone else called, the American Dream. 

According to my understanding, American Dream allows everyone, despite his/her nationality, color, race to have the same right to pursue their dream. Yet, the truth is not as promising as it seems like.

Being an international student, I have been facing more challenge than other people would imagine, especially when I try to pursue a career. I want to use what I learned in school to contribute to the society. Yet, I have to constantly face the burdens that is set to exclude international student from pursuing their dream career. Even after an endless round of screening and an offer is finally made, we might still find ourselves in a position where we are not even allowed to work. 

This is why I am supporting the Expansion of Stem OPT because only by doing so, could allow more international student to have the right to pursue their dream, a right that shouldn't be taken away just because we are not American. 

Some people have been arguing that STEM students have been taking jobs away from American citizens. It seems to them that there has always been a fixed number of jobs, it's either the Americans or the international students. I would first like to point out that Americans and International Students are not rivals. The mere fact is that the qualified stem major students have actually helped boost the industry and hence, created various job opportunities. Second of all, companies need qualified candidates, despite their nationality. Even if stem students are not presented, it doesn't mean companies would lower their standard just to hire enough amount of employees. Therefore, if an America