As a potential student who wants to get a master degree in US, I must say that I will support this policy not only because of my own benefits but also because it's beneficial to the US people.
There are some people who are against this policy and they claim that "the foreigners" will occupy many jobs which is bad news for US workers. I would say IT IS TOTALLY WRONG.
These people really don't know that it is these so-called foreigners who contribute a lot to the development of US's economy.
First, as a Chinese student, I would say that the policy such as OPT program is very attractive to me, and it's the same to almost all Chinese students. Sometimes, the policy could become the most reason that we choose to get education in US. And i think there's no need for me to emphasize the significance of international students to US's education system. So this new policy will be very attractive to international students like me, and surely be beneficial to US's education industry. I should also point out that US is not the ONLY choice for us to get education in, some countries like Australia has really nice work policies, so recently, many of my classmates choose to go to Australia to get master or PHD degree, YES, just because of the friendly policy.
Second, as a student who is major in Economics, I know that some majors are really difficult for international students to apply, because these majors are also very popular among US people. So most of us will apply for the majors that US people don't want to study in, in another words, international students only want to get jobs that many US people don't want to do, such as programming, trading, math/phycics theory researching and so on. I must say that the reason why many US people are against the new policy is not true. They claim that keeping the jobs to US people not foreigners but actually they don't want to do it, so many people who are not qualified to these jobs finally get the job but how could they say that it's good 