It is unjust, shortsighted to deprive international students' legal right to work in US after graduation simply because they are not citizens.Is the US a free and fair country?
International students are making huge contributions to our country. Immigrant-founded Fortune 500 companies employed 3.6 million workers around the world in 2011 and were responsible for more than $1.7 trillion in revenues in 2010, according to the Partnership For A New American Economy. Most international students work in scientific and technology, and many of them are among the best in their fields. STEM are fields critical for the US to ace at in order to continue its leadership in the world. Each year, h1b holders pay more than 27%, and often more than 30% of their salary to the federal, and even more to the federal and the state. This money is used in increasing the medical and other welfare of American people. 
Rejecting international students would gain us a short-term, illusive relief that there might be temporarily fewer competitors in the job market. However, this short-term satisfaction would be at the cost of long-term benefits of American people and would cause the US to lose ground to the countries that welcome these students. STEM students go back to their country or go to other welcoming countries if rejected by the US. They will devote to scientific research, entrepreneurship, public policy and other fields that empower and create jobs for the country they serve for. Brain is power and it is a great loss to drive our highly educated brains to other countries.
Admitted, international students participation in the job market itself would increase competition in the short term. You may find it harder to get into Google or Facebook because there are more talented people in the pool. However, if we reject them simply because of this, we should not educate our children at all every college graduate enters the job market to increase competition. In the long term, competition increa