It is incredible to my wife, Somaly, and I, that the Department of Homeland Security has proposed a rule to expand a program called Optional Practical Training (OPT), which gives employers financial incentives to hire foreign students over Americans.

A Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for Immigration Studies has revealed two shocking takeaways about the OPT program that the DHS is proposing to expand:

OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.

OPTs are sought after by employers, as they tend to be younger (cheaper) than their American competitors. Employers save 7.65% when they hire foreign students instead of US workers, as they don't pay either FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. The DHS, by defining a recent college graduate as a student, takes both the worker and the employer out from under payroll taxes. That is to say that, since these workers are still technically 'students,' they won't have to pay any payroll taxes, and will save the company around $10,000 for each of the three years they're in the program. Also, it will penalize the Social Security and Medicare trust funds, directly, and our elders, indirectly. So, although OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range, they are costing the Social Security program about $1 billion dollars a year. 

A 2013 study from the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute (EPI) found that there are already plenty of American workers, with and without degrees, such as myself, who are qualified to fill STEM jobs in the IT sectors. This program will not only artificially expand the domestic labor pool, by the hundreds of thousands, but 100 percent of the new recruits will be almost guaranteed to neither unionize, nor get poached from competitors (because their 'student' visas will be tied to their employers).

This proposed rule will push the people, who were raised a