I am currently a PhD student in an ivy league school majoring in earth and environmental engineering. I am from China.

As far as I know, a lot of Chinese students are working under OPT, in computer science, engineering, and some other related job areas. They are making a pillar of a lot of companies, in New York, Silicon Valley and places like this. Think about this, if all of a sudden, these diligent loyal people have to leave due to the non-extented OPT, what would happen to the companies and US economy? Someone would argue that local people can also do the same job. However, in addressing this argument, not all companies can respond very quickly to such a huge loss of personnel, which would slow down the growth significantly. Secondly, a simple statistics of college and graduate school students majors show that students from China and India take up most part of the STEM majors. If so, how could local people fill in the positions to the fullest in a short period of time? 

Speaking of economic re-flourishing, the contribution by this vast portion of STEM students is not limited by the work force itself, but also in almost every other aspects, such as traveling, life expenses and so on. Take a simple example of one of my friends who got OPT. Due to the work reason, he couldn't fly back to China too often. Thus, his parents would fly here to US a lot of times a year. As we read in news, such people flow from China to US contributes tremendously in consumption and a lot of stores are hiring Chinese staff. This would be another latent loss for US economy if OPT extension is not approved.

Thirdly, OPT extension is not something that will guarantee that a student in STEM will stay that long, unless he or she is really recognized by the company. Thus, the arguments that these students will rob the jobs of the local would not be valid. This is a society proud of its fair competition. If the foreign students are not as good, they won't be hired for that long most likely.