I strongly support this new OPT extension rule. First, let me introduce myself. I'm an international student from China and now is a software engineer at Amazon.

When I was still in my undergraduate program in China, I had some other options to continue my study, like UK, Canada, Singapore, Hong Kong, but finally I chose your country. Why? The most fundamental reason that lead me to make the decision to come to U.S. is the environment. Here in US, you can provide me the world's greatest technology and the industry training opportunity during the school or after graduation. So you need to know how important this OPT extension is to attract foreign STEM candidates. Without it, I may choose to other countries so may hundreds of thousands of other students like me choose to do. 

As I'm working at Amazon, I know the huge numbers of STEM talents in those US high-tech companies. So if this rule is terminated by some reasons. This will be definitely a disaster to most of those companies like Google, Apple, Facebook,etc.

Now I'm running a projects with a small group of great talents from all over the world. Some of them are STEM workers too. So if this extension is cancelled, we will go back to our home countries. Do you know what this means? This means all of the former hard works will be nothing! We have done the research parts of it and just start to make usage of it. As someone may know, a normal software development project usually lasts for 2-3 years. If we have only the regular 12 months' OPT time, the project will terminate in the middle and all the efforts we made will be gone forever. In this case, I think the 12 months + 24 months extension time is a good length for OPT program.

In addition, I come from China and I would return back to my home eventually. Before then, I need to apply what I learned from US university to make a contribution to US companies. That is what I need to do as a student from foreign country. And for myself, I also need to get the work 