I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:

1. If U.S. closes its door for highly-skilled international student graduates to work legally in the U.S., thus driving them back to their home countries, U.S. is only training highly educated people for other countries rather than for itself. While it's of high nobility that U.S. is sharing its one-of-a-kind education to the world, in the long run it does no good to the economy and society development of the United States.

2. Many international students who stayed in the U.S. actually contributed to the growth and the leadership status of U.S.. Simply take Sundar Pichai for example. He has became the most well-known international entity who directs the most well-known U.S. company in the world--Google. He led the development of Google Chrome web browser, which accounts for 58% worldwide market share in the web browser market. International students like him have helped keep U.S. companies stay top-notch among worldwide competitors. The U.S. economy benefits from such leadership.

3. Competition exists everywhere, and it's not a bad thing. Talented American workers will always get noticed and hired. In fact, American workers can do a lot more with their citizenships, such as working part-time jobs without restrictions, or establish startups without undermining student status. The current way international students are regulated actually ensures that the international student graduates are indeed highly skilled, since they cannot do anything else other than getting well-trained. By allowing them to work legally in the U.S. will ensure that American companies always have a higher chance of hiring top-notch people. U.S. economy will walk on a wide and well-paved road supported by the entire world's most talented people. On the other hand, they might ended up hiring sub-par candidates in the economy where not enough skilled workers who met their hiring requirement are available. If this happens, as a result, U