Let High-Tech Workers In!

It is well accepted that high-tech industries drive global economic activity. Since 1980, the inflation-adjusted growth of high-tech industries has averaged nearly 6 percent annually compared with a rate of 2.4 percent for other manufactured goods. (1, 2) In the United States, tech industry continues to make significant contributions to the US economy. It accounting for 7.1 percent of the overall US GDP with only 2% of the US population (6.5 million tech industry employees out of the 318.9 million US population in 2014). (3)

However, Americas high-tech companies are starved for high-skilled workers. (4) Theres plenty of evidence of a shortage. A study by Virginia Polytechnic Institute estimates that more than 340,000 information technology jobs are currently unfilled. Wages in a number of high-skilled occupations such as systems analysts and software programmers have been rising at double-digit rates, a sure signal that demand is outstripping supply. The unemployment rate among electrical engineers nationwide today is 0.4 percent. The problem will only get worse. The U.S. Department of Labor predicts 130,000 new information technology jobs each year for the next decade. Yet American colleges are producing only 25,000 graduates in computer science a year, 40 percent fewer than in the 1980s, and only 20,000 electrical engineering graduates, one-third fewer than a decade ago. Although many high-tech jobs do not require such degrees, the decline in computer and engineering degrees can only aggravate whatever shortage exists. A lack of qualified workers is forcing U.S. companies to postpone new research projects. Two-thirds of information technology companies surveyed recently said the shortage of high-skilled workers is a barrier to their future growth. Cyprus Semiconductor of California counts 16 projects on hold because of a shortage of engineers. With product cycles of one year or less, every postponed project means lost sales, lost profit