I strongly support this proposal.

From my personal experience as an engineering student, I believe that internships and working opportunities in real industries are INDISPENSABLE parts of engineering education. Engineering students, no matter United States citizens, or INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS, SHOULD BE GIVEN ENOUGH OPPORTUNITIES TO WORK as well as learn. I was a Master student (international) and now a PhD student in a top-ten engineering school. My Master project is only one and a half year, during which I am crazily busy with all different courses and hardly think about the future. It is my 4-month internship (during my OPT time) that makes me realize I really love engineering, love my field, and wish to do more research on it. 

Also, I'd like to mention, INTERNATIONAL GRADUATE STUDENTS who are studying in US continually CONTRIBUTE TO THE DEVELOPMENT OF SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING of the United States and the whole world. They are part of US's engineering system. Take myself as an example: For my internship, there were approximately 200 interns including around 10 international students in my company. However, I found out that the seven interns belong to my department - research and develop center, were all international students with Master or PhD degrees. This also happens to my school: approximately 50% PhD students in the department are international (what's more, there might be another 25% that are sons and daughters of immigrants). More specifically, in my research group (maybe also happen in some other specific research fields) , all people are international, even the professor. Imagine all of these people are forced to leave US simultaneously because of the policy. 

These talented students are doing research/engineering work that few people could replace. US has spent lots of money/time educating them to be seasoned researchers/scientists. If there is no enough OPT time, and they are forced to leave US, leave the valuable work they really love, it would be 