Yiding Liang I strongly SUPPORT this proposal about expanding training opportunities for F1 Nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees. From my perspective, the extension of practical training is most meaningful and beneficial to STEM students as well as the companies and research institutes. 
First of all, the extension of OPT will allow the international students to focus on their research projects and to make great contributions for the companies and the research institutions within a much longer period. In general, a large and complex research project requires at least two or three years of consistent effort. Without the OPT extension, international students with F1 visa status can hardly complete those projects. For example, the standard duration of an NSF grant is approximately three years. The initial 12-month OPT combined with the 24-month OPT extension will provide a sufficient opportunity to participate through the whole process of such a grant. 
Another reason is that the OPT extension will give the international students a longer time to practice their technical skills while studying in the US. It will help them have a better understanding about the US standards and the working environment of a US company. In this case, when they go back to their homeland after the 3-year initial and extended OPT, they will also help the US companies to grow in their own countries. The US companies will benefit from the international students technical expertise in their research areas as well as their understanding about the markets in their home countries. Obviously, without the OPT extension, the US employers will have less opportunity to benefit from the contributions of the nonimmigrant international students. 
I am an international student from China, and I am currently a mechanical engineering student at the University of Michigan. I heard of many stories from other F1 international students about how they use the OPT extension to complete their projects in the companies or in the research institutes. I believe that the OPT extension not only helps the US companies to get a long term benefit from international employees, but also supports the international students to get a long term practice about their technical skills learned from college. Thus, this proposal will lead to a win-win situation for the US companies and the international students. 
