mengya (Mia) hu I strongly SUPPORT the new rule!

I break my comment into two. This is the latter part. (In case some haven't read my previous one, I repeat some contents.

Second, I will show the necessity, importance and benefits to endorse the new rule. 

1, Now is the era of collaboration. USA must cooperate with the world to flourish. 
For example, China is raising and thus has lots of opportunities for American companies. It is an advantage to Chinese in the company, for the following reasons: 
1) Chinese has its own business culture (such as making deals when having meal). Thus, Chinese employees tend to make the deal done faster and better than the Americans. Moreover, just seeing a familiar face in the same county makes people feel familiar and friendly. It is an advantage when doing business.
2) Chinese are born and raised in China, so they know what Chinese want, i.e. know the market. They will come up with more suitable business plan.
3) When the employees went back to China, whether starting their own company or working in a new one, they are connection for their former American employers in China. Those students are educated and trained in USA. Therefore they have attachment for USA, i.e they have a high possibility of giving special treats to USA.

2. When those students go back to their home country, they may provide better servise for America . They learn American culture and their need during working here. If they start any company, it has higher chance to serve USA better than the ones who dont have the experience.

3. We know the ratio of international students in STEM is very high. For example, our department has 9 international students out of the 18. It is a official recognition for the intelligence and diligence of international students. Letting these talented young people join the workforce of America will definitely promote the further development of America. Especially, STEM is most important areas that serves the society. The cutting-eage tech will make American life easier and better. Moreover, if they finally stay and become citizens. They are high-educated and they tend to let their kid been educated well. Thus, their offsprings will also be good workforce for America.

4. Giving international students opportunities to stay is to build a good competition environment. This will help current citizens improve themselves. For example, I am always helping my friends with their study. Last week, we were doing math. One of them found that I directly deduced some equations into simple forms, as i memorized a lot of common equations before. She admired me and would try to memorize too.

5. Last but not the least, the United States is a nation of immigrants. It was founded and developed by immigrants. History sees the contribution of them. The United States welcomes people from every country and culture. Deprives the right of international students is thus definitely a betrayal of American Spirit! 

In conclusion, I support the rule. Furthermore, I suggest to issue more H1B for international students.
