Shashank Namala The Honorable Jeh Johnson
Secretary of Homeland Security
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I am a new international student at the Midwestern state university (MWSU). 40% of MWSU graduate students are international students and a vast majority of those are in the United States on F-1 visas. I and/or many of my colleagues will be strongly affected by the Proposed Rule.

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. I'm particularly excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months.
I am planning to use OPT after graduation as it will help in building my professional career with ease, which will be helpful for my career. OPT and OPT extension is important to be because the practical training period makes us learn many things other than the subject, like how to be and work in an organization and how the enterprise is functioning which will be very helpful in establishing a new attitude towards society.

I am very concerned with the possibility that the ability of students to make use of the STEM OPT Extension might be disrupted by recent court actions, upcoming court actions, and delays in this rulemaking process. I commend DHS for working quickly to prepare this new Proposed Rule.

I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to F-1 students. We are not here to fight for the future but we are here to learn and eastablish a brotherhood amongst us, which will be helpful not only to international students but also to the natives to make new and different culture friends or may be relatives.

Best regards,

Shashank Namala
Midwestern state university
Computer science department.
