I totally support this new rule. The reasons are:
1. We live in an information society which is built on STEM and these highly educated STEM students can surely help us build it better.

2. We are in a shortage of STEM talents. As far as I know all technology companies, such as Google, Facebook, Amazon, Intel, etc., partially rely on F-1 students with OPT. The abscess of this rule will seriously hurt those companies by making it even harder to recruit employees they desire, which will raise unhealthy and unnecessary competition on employee resource. And it would be impossible for startup IT companies to recruit high-quality STEM talents - those huge companies are likely able to pay much higher. Innovation in this nation will slow down without fresh startup companies and we won't be able to stay at top of information technology.

3. Universities in U.S. have one of the best STEM education in the world. It makes sense to keep these talents in our nation rather than sending them to other countries -- sometimes enemy countries.

4. Universities rely on international students as well. Their tuition fee has supported our education system. According to NY times -- "This is the University of Washingtons new math: 18 percent of its freshmen come from abroad, most from China. Each pays tuition of $28,059, about three times as much as students from Washington State. And that, according to the dean of admissions, is how low-income Washingtonians more than a quarter of the class get a free ride.". The absence of OPT extension rule will also prevent international students from applying U.S. universities because OPT is an important reason that they are choosing U.S.

5. We don't lose anything by offering this OPT extension. Those international students with Master's Degree usually work hard and can hardly have negative impact to our society.

6. One may argue that these international students compete with our citizens on jobs and thus lower the salary. That is not true. STEM jobs 