Yiming Hong I strongly APPROVE of this rule. It not only attracts foreign talents, but also benefits U.S. citizens.
For economy aspect, this rule is essential to take place, especially for current economic status. U.S. is now experiencing an essential economic recovery period and market is very volatile. Technology companies play an even more important role to support the economy. If at this point, we order all the STEM opt students to leave their jobs, the technology companies will suffer from a great loss and this will HURT the economy to a large extent. A recession may happen and company will lay off people, then more citizens will lose their job. That's a disaster for the country. 
For history aspect, if we look back, at the time the initial rule was taken place, U.S. is suffering from a financial crisis. However, at this time, since the country need more technology talents and this rule attracts more technology talents, they contribute to the technology company and the country. The country went through the crisis, better economy got more job openings and lower jobless rate. 
For the citizens who are not STEM major, this rule is a benefit to them. As for a macro aspect, this rule brings the country a better economy and more job openings. As for a micro aspect, the flow in of international students also drive the development of small enterprise and the consumption. Remember that consumption contributes to GDP. Since there are more international students, there have more restaurants and rentals around school which also brings job opportunities and profits to the local citizens. For the universities, international students' tuition is an important income of the school as well.
For the citizens who are STEM major, STEM opt students actually will not get them lose job but benefits them. Why? Because companies will not hire a foreign students if he can find a citizen. They need to pay for the sponsor and take the risk that the students will leave due to status issue. They don't need to worry this if they hire a citizen. STEM field have more TALENT (not ordinary work force) need than other industry that's why the extension if only for STEM students. With company grow stronger, more job opportunities will be created and more citizens will get better job. Another case is many start-ups are established by STEM students, and some of them grow to big companies. A good example is Instagram.
The STEM rule will not make immigrants number larger. This is very obvious. Because the number of H1b has not changed, even if the international students can get a job, if they cannot get H1b, they will leave. It's an allocation between the internationals, not related to citizens. Even there is less STEM students, more non-STEM students will take the H1b with the total number the same. 
We can see that now, more countries are learning from U.S. and trying to attract international talents, for example Canada. If U.S. revoke the STEM opt rule, more international students will flow in other countries like European countries and Canada. That is a loss to U.S. To be honest, most international students cannot get a job after they graduate, they contribute to the economy of the country and then left eventually. They created far more jobs than the job they actually take.
U.S. became such a strong country have its reason. It's open and friendly to the people around the world. Many people that have contributed to this country are not native american. We all hope U.S. will become better and lead the world. Please consider thoroughly before you comment because this rule have a big impact on the country. Thanks.
