Karthik Vadlamudi I strongly support the extension. Here are my reasons for the support:

Unites Stated is currently facing STEM workforce shortage. This is just a fact. Companies like Facebook, Google hire international students not because they are cheaper labor force, but because US workers do not prefer to
obtain a Graduate degree (MS/Ph.D.) in these areas.

Unemployment among the STEM graduates (undergraduate level) is lower in the US, however, most US-students take up jobs in marketing, sales etc. This represents inclination of American workers towards non-engineering/ non-science jobs.

Meanwhile, most F-1 students come for Science and Engineering degrees. Note that these are advanced degrees MS, Ph.D. International students have shown more inclination towards pursuing these degrees in Science and Engineering. This shows that they are more interested in getting jobs in the STEM Areas.
Therefore, it is not the cheap labor that allows international students to get STEM jobs, but genuine interest and eligibility (due to advanced degrees). Link: Refer: http://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2014/cb14-130.html

If at all American-STEM-job problem exists, it will not be solved by blocking the international students from getting those jobs. It will simply hurt the companies that rely on eligible candidates. Eventually, they may end up outsourcing those jobs across the world.
Students are coming on F-1 visa eventually become Green Card holders or citizens. This greatly benefits America.. This fits the picture of an American dream, which is the sole reason for the American economy.
Does the US really want students who come to the US and get advanced degrees in the US to go back and contribute to their home-country economy and compete with U.S.?
Most students come here for education mostly because of job opportunities. If the extension is removed, the chances of getting a job diminish significantly. This will simply lead to students not coming to the US for study.
Various universities that rely on large tuition collection from foreign nationals will lose a major source of revenue. Not to mention billions-dollars economy that relies on international students renting houses, cars, travel, shopping, phones, buying cars, tourism economy when parents and relatives visit America.
In the end, I just want to say that, US economy is built on fair competition. This extension gives a fair chance to students to compete and find a job. International students work hard and retain the jobs because they have too much at stake. They have proven to be great workers and an asset to many companies all across the US.

If this somehow scares the domestic workers, then international workers can not be blamed for that. Even if the extension is to be removed, it cannot be done in such a hurry. What about thousands of students who are already in the US and hoped to find a job. They were not ready for such a ruling, and this Is unfair to them since they made a life choice by coming to the US. They have invested in the US communites by renting house, doing a full time job on OPT, getting trained. For a company to loose a brilliant graduate after working for just 12 months is not going to benifit in any way. Its going to hurt economy of the companies, instead give OPT students a chance for 24 more months and if everything goes well they will earn skills and go back to their country. If their employer is able to sponser them for a work visa thats also good. 

And i want to quote a example to support Foriegn students are not grabbing US jobs. In the university where I graduated, we had univ recruitment fare where many MNC's have accepted resumes and coducted interviews. For one of famous banks they were looking for masters/phd students in computer science for their latest research teams with very high academic performance, for that positions only few were hand picked for interviews, So in that panel no one has looked at citizenship while recruiting. It was totally done on basis of talent. I feel it is the same in the case of many companies where graduates are paid way above the prevailing wages. So there is no point where graduates are under paid.

If OPT is limited to 12 months, i guess its going to adversely affect the job market and it might create short term/long term pressure on companies to outsource jobs because of skill gap. This affects both direct jobs and indirect jobs in USA for local citizens.

Please push for the approval of the new rule to avoid confusion. 
