I definitely support this proposal of expanding training opportunities for eligible F-1 student.As a physics student, the opportunity of the practical training actually encouraged me to come to this country, a completely new land to pursue for better education chance but not only to stay in the lab and dream about a miracle that might be realized in the future. 

When we heard the voice that is against our limited-time training opportunity and the current OPT policy has been abolished, it is disappointing and unfair to the students came here for an open country and friendly social system. We have been looking forward this chance for long and it can be a heavy blow for us if this proposal is not passed. It is extremely serious problem for the students who are already in their OPT or OPT extension. Their well-planned life could fall into chaos because of the unexpected change in OPT.

In my opinion, the job market is more relative to economic situation of a country. From my experience recent years, the companies absolutely tend to hire the citizens. Many of my non-citizen friends went to other countries such as Canada, Swiss, etc. or back to their home countries. They took it. However, for these years, the industry seems booming again. There are more and more positions opened last year. And I have heard more and more positive news from my friends. The whole country is reviving. However, instead of looking at the countless new opportunities, the ones, looking back to what they have got and frightened by losing what they might never lost, is trying to take the very precious chance away from the students, the ones who may not have a chance to sit with them, even compete.

I am not graduated yet but to my PhD research really productive, it took me about 1-1.5 yrs. I think for a company project it can be similar. OPT for student is part of the education while for companies it should mean more than putting time and money on the newbies. The student are going to contribute b