Shenshen Zhang I support to extend OPT STEM from 17-month to 24-month and my reasons are as follow:

1. Based on the proposal, employers need to provide formal mentoring and training plans for students and graduates on the program, also there is a new wage protections requirement for STEM students and employers. Since it takes time for employer to provide a complete training plan and also employers need to take responsibilities sponsorship after hiring an international student. In this way, employers will consider about potential employee's background and technical skills carefully to evaluate if the student matches company's requirements before employers decide to hire international students. In the meantime, STEM students need to improve their skills and be prepared for compete with not only american but also international students,if they want to get a job offer from tons of applicants. In my opinion, this proposal will provide more benefits to american employers and America. Because as an employer, he/she will has the suitable employee to work on with. Simultaneously, America can keep having high-level employees in this country and make profits to America.

2.I think America will benefit from keeping international students here, educated in U.S. colleges and universities here while they receive additional training, rather than sending them out of the country. Because education is also one type of investment and America invests millions for education. In this case, international students(especially STEM students) share same resources as American students, not only top-level technical training and top labs,etc. but also university facilities. If america forces STEM students to go back to their own countries after their graduation, it is more likely to refuse these professional people to help america to build a better country and it will decrease America's competitiveness on STEM. At the same time, U.S. employers will benefit from the increased ability to rely on the skills acquired by U.S. educated-STEM students, as well as their knowledge of markets in their home countries. 

Based on these reasons, I think new OPT extension will be a win-win situation if it can be approved. People coming to America have their own American Dream, so Why dont just give a chance to these people, those have higher education levels and professional skills on STEM, to chase their dream and make more benefits to America.
