I strongly support the STEM opt extension for the international students.

First, STEM OPT extension helps US to attract talents. Those F1 students in STEM field are the best among the world. I remember when I was applying to the graduate school at Lehigh University, only the top 3% student of my class can get the admission. The acceptance rate is even lower for more prestigious universities such as Princeton, Caltech. These students are brilliant and creative. All the countries around the world are trying their best to attract and keep those talents. For example, the Erasmus Mundus program established by European countries is actively attracting those talents. Recently they started PhD program as well. In order to keep those talents, Japan revised its immigration control law and reduced the minimal residence length for citizenship from 10 years to 3 years (http://www.japantoday.com/category/national/view/highly-skilled-foreigners-to-be-allowed-to-stay-permanently-in-japan). US has been great in attracting international talents during the past through high quality education program and STEM opt training and extension program. Through OPT, they can experience the culture of US companies, which eventually would help to recruit them and strengthen the workforce. If the opt extension is discontinued, the leadership of US in STEM field would be damaged, particularly considering all other countries are actively attracting those talents. If that happened, I can foresee that many students will apply to other countries for their study and work.

Second, it is shortsighted and harmful to the US competitiveness in the world if the international students are deprived of the OPT training opportunities. OPT students are not competing with americans on jobs like cashiers in the Walmart, attendants in McDonald's. Instead, they are working on the cutting edge of engineering, science, such as 3D printing, personalized drug delivery, high performance computing in national defense, etc