I agree with DHS that extending Stem OPT will bring more benefits to the United State. The merits can be found from labor contribution, economic and worldwide collaboration. 

First of all, many F-1 students are highly educated, such as grad students and doctors. In general speaking, they have specific skills. They spent a lots on their tuitions, so most of them work very hard during their staying. This will benefit to the companies they are working for because they have higher tolerance to the low payment and unfair treatment. They usually be mocked as having low self-esteem, but the truth is a humble attitude of learning and contributing.

Secondly, most of international students have wealthy families supporting them. Despite of their education expenses, they contribute huge amount of living expenses to the United State. They buy food, go shopping, and travel around the whole country. These activities certainly are helping developing the communities. More restaurants, stores, fights, hotels, even medical cares are expending their levels, which means more jobs and lease liabilities to be feed.

Last not the last, valuable information and more international investigation. When F-1 students go back to their countries, they will bring information and continue serve their homeland. A few producers I knew who signed contracts of feature animations from China, they all craved to find crews like international students whom can understand both cultures. As well as post-production companies, more and more foreign projects come along with more needs of employees with a different culture background. Their experience will open minds of people there and create more collaborations between different countries. These financial power can not be underestimated. 

However, when the door is closed, the lost of the United State is more then OPT students. When they go back, they will always be welcomed anywhere, who doesn't want a employee that works hard, strong enough to support himse