Xing Wang I actively support this new OPT extension rule. I'm an international graduate student from China and working at a U.S company. It is obvious that the new OPT extension is a win-win rule for the U.S. as well as foreign students.

About 4 years ago, when I first thought about going abroad to pursuing a more advanced degree, I considered to go Hong Kong, Europe, Canada or USA. There are too many options, but finally I made my decision to come here is mainly because of the opportunity of practice. Compared to other places, American, as an immigration nation and the biggest economic body, provides the most attractive working experience. So extending STEM OPT to 24 months will attract more and more international students. I seriously considered the opportunity offered by STEM OPT extension when I made my decision whether to pursue my degree in the United States.

During the past two and half years I've been here, I've already spent over $100K for tuition, rent, shopping, traveling, etc. And I also invited my parents and friends to come for traveling. There is no doubts that we have helped the whole country's economic situations. Nobody will deny that. if that is not true, why almost all of the universities want to involve more and more international students? Because they made a lots of money from our spending. No one could deny the economic increase we brought to the local development. If there is no OPT extension, there will be less and less international students, which would be a great pain for the whole nation.

Currently I'm working at a consulting company and doing a project with a top pharm company, helping them to increase the efficiency of operations. This project will last for 2 years at least. If my opt expires on next Feb, it would bring a lot of pain no matter to myself, my company, or my clients. And there are lots of my colleges also working under OPT. if all of our OPT expire on next Feb, my company will lose the trust from our clients, the business would be impacted terribly. And the CEO might consider shut down the business. It would be even worse for the American employers. Cutting off our working opportunity will also impact your own citizens.

The company I'm working at is considering extending the service from United States to other countries. India, China are certainly the most promising markets. Having us here could help them to know the foreign markets much better and to develop the business there much easily. Building branches overseas will definitely help increase the overall tax income of U.S..

When talking about our existence decreased the likelihood of the American people could find a job. It's definitely not true. Because all of the companies we got hired are through the e-verify program. The e-verify program prevents unauthorized disclosure of personal information and unlawful discriminatory practices based on national origin or citizenship status. So the criterion for a company hires people is not based on there race or nations, is purely based on the skills.

I believe here is a land of freedom and equity. So I believe there will be also equity for us.
