STAND UP FOR USA STEM WORKERS

the proposed rule effectively "requires employers and universities to engage in unlawful immigration status discrimination."
"The rule requires these organizations to set up mentoring programs for foreign graduates to work under OPT. However, there is no requirement that American graduates receive the same benefit."
On a variety of measures, the former foreign students have talent lesser than, or equal to, their American peers.
Skilled-foreign-worker programs are causing an internal brain drain in the United States.

If the U.S. indeed "needs" the foreign students to remedy a STEM labor shortage, why do these students need training?
If workers with such training are indeed needed, why won't these special mentoring programs be open to Americans?
OPT expands the pool of YOUNG workers....this is the core of how SCE, Disney and so on can legally save lots of money by hiring foreign workers -- the latter are younger, thus, much cheaper, than the Americans they replace.
"expanding de facto guest worker programs like Optional Practical Training (OPT) - through which employers hire more than 120,000 young college graduates per year who hold F-1 visas - but do not even guarantee that those foreign graduates are paid the minimum wage, let alone the prevailing wage, chas! e Americans out of computer science and creates a self-fulfilling 'shortage' as Americans respond to a relatively better market as engineers in other fields."
"In 2002, 14.5% of black science and engineering majors chose computer science, versus 11.5% for all Americans. But by 2012, because of declining job prospects, the share of black science majors choosing computer science fell to 9.8%."
"The next Sergei Brin might be sitting in an American classroom right now, but if that future innovator cannot get an entry-level job in high tech because employers prefer importing temporary workers, entrepreneurial innovations will not occur in the United States."
"not only does the DHS's 