Anonymous Since the posting of this rule, there are much sentiment on social media and online policy discussion forums in favor of it. Occasionally, I see some worries regarding the impact of this rule to U.S. born STEM workers. 

In my opinion, these worries are unfounded.

I work for a public tech company. Our company promised the STEM graduates, mostly highly skilled Ph.D. degree holders, who are affect by the Aug WashTech ruling, to keep the same position and relocate to our Canada office. The reason is simple: the cost of replacing them is too high. 

I believe that similar arrangements will be made in other tech companies as well. In most STEM fields, the employees can work remotely. And most of STEM employers are international companies with oversea offices. The vacation of the OPT STEM extension will not necessarily mean that these jobs will go to U.S. born STEM workers, but rather rob this country of these young, high-earning, tax-paying,highly skilled workers (who will still hold these jobs) but live in a foreign country.

The argument that the companies hire international STEM majors because they are cheaper also doesn't have any supporting evidence. In fact, in most tech company's recruitment workflow, the party who makes the hiring decision (the tech lead or manager) and the party who negotiate salary (the HR) work separately. When the hiring decision is made, the salary negotiation hasn't started yet. It is impossible to discriminate against U.S. born STEM majors due to salary differences.

It will be beneficial, rather than harmful, to U.S. born STEM workers if we are able to attract highly skilled international STEM majors to stay in U.S. The main complaint against this rule is the U.S. born STEM workers' fear of competition. However, it is the rule of the market that improvements and innovation stem from competition. The competition in technology will not go away just because the U.S. workers are fearful. It will instead happen in other countries, and create even more incentives for U.S. tech companies to establish oversea centers and to outsource. The biggest beneficiaries of the Aug WashTech ruling would be China and India.

In addition, the Aug WashTech ruling is particularly unfair for the STEM major students graduated from 2013 to 2015. Upon graduation, they planned their living arrangements and career based on the STEM extension policy. The sudden change of the ruling invalidates their prior plannings, which can easily result in tens of thousands dollars of additional costs for them.

Passing this new rule as is, will be a win-win for both the US and the US STEM workers. 

