Wei Xia As an international student, I strongly support this new OPT extension rule. 

First of all, passing this rule will attract more and more international students to graduate schools, universities and even high schools in United States, which can bring funding and diversity to schools. Take myself for example. Three years ago, when I was still an undergraduate in China, I decided to go further study abroad, and America became my first choice. The major reason is the OPT which allows me to work in the U.S. after graduation. Half a year later, I received offers from both Columbia Universities and Imperial College of London, and I chose Columbia, again because of OPT, because I can work for 12 months or more after graduation. My consideration is very similar like most other international students, we do not only care about education, we care more about what we can do after graduation, and that's why we spend much money come to US to study. If this rule cannot get passed, I strongly believe that many international students will choose other countries for better future, and this will lead to disastrous consequences for schools in America.

Also, I don't think we international students are stealing jobs from American people. The truth is we are in a fair competition, and whoever capable of doing the job will get hired. To be honest, hiring international students will cost more than hiring local people because we need sponsorship, so why the companies are still hiring international students? I think the reason is that things we do cannot be replaced by local people. Again take myself for example. My major is Electrical Engineering, and there are very few American people in my classes. I'm now working in silicon valley, and here needs hundreds and thousands of people of my major to do all kinds of technology related jobs to change the world. So if this rule cannot get passed, no one can work here, no one can do these jobs and this would definitely impact those hi-tech companies, and further impact American economy.

Another important reason I support this rule is diversity. This rule can bring many international students and also many possibilities in diversity, and I think America values diversity, because it's good for the development of nation. Internaional students are contributing to this nation, and they need to be embraced instead to pushing them out to other places.
