I strongly support this decision for the reason that STEM students help in technological advancement of the nation and improve economy in many ways. 

Some people say that non-citizens are taking away the jobs, but the fact is that not many companies are ready to offer employment to non-citizens. 
Only 25% of good companies are ready to offer employment to non-citizens, this is in no comparison to the number of opportunities that the US citizens have.

Also, the whole world believes that this is the country where there is a respect for Talent and Intelligence. How can people say that non-citizens or international students are taking away their jobs? Company recruit their employees based on the Talent and best fit for the position which helps in the growth of the company and ultimately the growth of the Nation which helps mankind in many ways.

No company offers the job just based on the nationality, they offer the job based on the Talent and Skills. If the company see that the citizen is more skilled and talented than the international student among these two then of-course the company will offer the job to the citizen. So, it is completely false assumption that international students are taking away citizen's job. This doesn't make any sense.

Also, this OPT STEM Extension is a temporary permit what international students get to work and it is not like a permanent life-time job. After this period of time students have to leave the country anyways as not all students are eligible for getting Work Permit Visa and also there are limitations on H1B Visa per year. This is no where as compared to the number of opportunities that the US citizens have in all kinds of fields and also they do not have any limited time-frame as international students do. This is the only period in which an International student can gain hands on experience on the learnt technologies and apply their skills in the industries and possibly innovate good things. It will be unfair to steal this lim