I just read an article, which I verified at the DHS website, that the Department of Homeland Security, on 19/16/15, increased the time that an alien college graduate, with a STEM Degree, can work in the U.S. to three years. The reason they gave in extending their F-1 student visa status was to allow the students to gain on-the-job-learning.
My understanding is that by hiring these graduates, companies do not have to deduct Social Security and Medicare taxes from these employees a savings of $12,000 per year. 
Unless these employers can prove that they cannot find U.S. college graduates, with STEM Degrees, we are creating an unfair hiring advantage to alien graduates over our very own college graduates. This is a terrible plan!
Immigration policies should be for our countrys benefit not to encourage the hiring of aliens over our own unemployed citizens. According to the Director of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE), Sarah R. Saldaa, Our nation will benefit from keeping international students here, educated in U.S. colleges and universities here while they receive additional training, rather than sending them out of the country. At the same time, U.S. employers will benefit from the increased ability to rely on the skills acquired by U.S. educated-STEM students, as well as their knowledge of markets in their home countries. 
We are not talking about students who have business degrees in their native countries; we are talking about high school graduates who are not required to have previous STEM working experience in their native countries before they enter our colleges or universities. We are not sending them out of the country; we are giving them an educational STEM Degree and letting them return to their own countries to enhance their own countries business communities. At the same time our colleges and universities are charging out of state tuition fees.

I ask myself, Who benefits under this program? First the foreign students benefit because they get