Jeff Zhao I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students," published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

I was glad to see the proposed rule for re-instituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

The trending of world-wide human source communication and collaboration is expanding, and will keep the main stream in the future century. In the past century, one of the main reason US become the leading country is it keeps opening to non-immigrant people with high degree of knowledge, especially in STEM. From Albert Einstein to Chen Ning yang, to Sundar Pichai, all of them contributes great to the leading position of US. These years, as more foreign students come to US, studying and working, tons of high technique companies flourish and contributes great to the tax income and welfare of US. In these companies, STEM students using OPT to get the chance to work in these companies, and provides a lot of ideas, works, and wealth. US also takes the chance to absorb them as the citizens, and fast increase the Sci & Tech abilities of the whole country. Imaging a lot of these people are forced to return to their countries after graduation, can these companies survive? Will US face more competition in the world-wide economy market? US needs high technique people to keep the leading position in the world, and the proposed rule is by all means the best approach.

Some people argue the OPT ruined the welfare of US citizens, and it's a wast of the tax they paid. I have to say, the fact is just in the opposite place. All most all STEM students in their OPT stage, pays as much tax as US citizens, since they are already tax residents. Since a lot of them are working in 'big companies', they may be paying more tax than the average. Regardless to say the progress of their companies increase the welfare of US. Meanwhile, these students built up the links between their hometowns and US, and attracts transnational business creation, trade, and direct investment between US and their country. Finally, NAFSA estimates that during 2013-2014 international students and their families contributed $26.9 billion to the US economy! Without the extended OPT, less students will be attracted to US.

Some people argue the OPT decreased the working opportunities of US citizens. Actually, the STEM OPT brings more working opportunities. As said above, the STEM nonimmingrant students contributes a lot to the leading high-tech companies. All these companies bring up the economy of US and creates more working opportunities by the positions they provide, and the related companies providing service they require. Additionally, the high amount tax they paid to the government help to create more jobs. At present, STEM is flourishing, and more STEM companies only expand the jobs. There are much more STEM students in China than US, but we never heard the job losing rate in China is much larger than US. They actually have much more jobs created every day, especially the STEM positions. That's why they are trying every effort to attract Chinese students in US returning to China.

Some people argue the extension OPT gave more competition of US STEM students, which they don't deserve. Actually, the US STEM students are much easier to find a job than international students, since they don't need the companies to do the immigration documents work and pay for the additional fee. It is because there are less skilled US STEM students than required that companies begin to hire international students. Why? Because the education in elementary schools and middle schools gave more US students a false impression: STEM are difficult, tedious, STEM jobs pays much less than doctors, financial, lawyers. It is the education who should worry about the low ratio of US STEM students, rather than expel nonimmigrant STEM students.

Some people argue that nonimmigrant student ask for lower salary than US students, just want to staying in US, and this ruined the opportunities of US students. This is a open market and legal society. The laws has the lowest salary requirements. All the competition above this is legal. It is meaningless to gain more salary by expelling nonimmigrant students. Actually, if they return after graduate, these companies will open more sub-companies overseas and transfer these opportunities aboard. This is a open market world, competition is worldwide, not only within a nation, especially for those companies able to recruit international students. What's more, as I have said above, the US students actually have higher chances than nonimmigrant students. 

In conclusion, I see no reasons why not approve this rule. It brings benefit not only to nonimmigrant students, but the whole US society and each citizen.
