I oppose pretty much everything currently being done or NOT being done to our immigration system. This is not the 17th century and unfettered immigration is the last thing this country needs. It makes no sense to me that MY government representatives care more about non-citizens than they do about citizens and this has to change. 

The feds continue to allow corporate America to ship our jobs overseas, to the point that we have thousands of new college graduates who cannot find jobs, elderly people who have been pushed right out of the job market and millions of unemployed people living in poverty in the United States of America. Congress constantly insists that "entitlement spending" is out of control, yet they want to bring in more loser people who want to come here for one reason only: freebies. The government wants to undo MY Social Security benefits because other people (not ME) have squandered the money on other things and other people. That's not what I signed up for! 

You should be concerned about us, citizens, who are being displaced in every way in this country, which is paving the road to the destruction of the United States. At the rate they reproduce, Latinos and other third world people will become the majority in this country and it will happen quickly and the face of America will be forever changed and our way of life will be gone. 

The world doesn't need another Latino country, or another Muslim nation filled with religious nut cases. What these people who want to come here from all over the world don't understand is that American taxpayers are tired of our hard earned money being thrown away on people who aren't supposed to even be here. The only reason this country is everyone's destination of choice is because of the free food, free housing, free medical care, free education ... things citizens have to pay for. 

Do the right thing for CITIZENS ... we pay your wages and you should be beholden to us, not people who want what we have and want YOU