I strongly SUPPORT this proposal for the following reasons: 

1. Cancelling OPT extension is a big waste of talent and educational resources. In STEM majors, especially in graduate level, international student is the majority of the student body. e.g. 70.3% of all full-time graduate students in electrical engineering, 63.2% in computer science, 60.4% in industrial engineering, are international students. Shorten OPT will force them to find jobs in other countries, which means their knowledge and skills will not going to serve US society. 

2. OPT extension will not take job opportunity away from US citizens. Most of STEM job positions require specific education and skills. Excluding international students out from the job market will not increase the opportunity for US citizen to get hired, since a well-educated STEM major student cannot be replaced by someone just because of his/her US citizenship. 

3. OPT extension will greatly benefit both students and US employers. Due to the large application number for H1B visa, the chance for an international student to get a H1 visa within 12 month after graduation is slim. OPT extension can provide another chance for enrolling the H1B visa rotary, preventing those who ACTUALLY qualifies for the job cannot continue working just because of their visa status.

4. OPT extension will help US institutes to attract more talented international students, which will benefit US economy. In 2014, international students contributed $27 billion to US economy, not to mention how many job opportunities have created because of international education business.

5. OPT extension is a opportunity provided only for legal immigrant. It is only offered to those international students who (1) have maintained legal immigration status and obtained degree from US institute (2)have a degree in STEM majors (3)have official job offers. It has nothing to do with illegal immigrant issues. 

(Reference source: https://www.insidehighered.com/news/2013/07/