Qiuchen Ma I totally support OPT extension and I have to say those who complain they are unemployed because of OPT extension still can not find a job even if no international students are working in the states. And my arguments are as followed.
First, all companies in the states prefer citizens. Companies who hire international students have to provide sponsorship for them, which is at high price. If there are enough citizens for those positions, will companies hire international students? What a company all wants is that hiring suitable people and paying the lowest salaries. Though international students pass language exams, they still have communication problems while working. And companies want their employees share the same culture with them. Citizens with relevant education background or experience are popular everywhere. But citizens don't like studying engineering majors, companies have no choice but turn to international students.
Second, our recovery from economy crisis thanks to those international students. We all know international students pay high tuition, no matter public or private universities. Especially at some public students, their tuition is 3 times as inner state students. When the economy was struggling, the tuition they paid supported those universities. And after graduation, they worked for engineering companies who played a big role in the recovery. Why there exists OPT extension, the country needs them. If the states have enough citizens in engineering fields, I don't think the government will propose such a unnecessary policy. Why the government changes extension from 17months to 24 months, because officials knows the economy needs the contribution from those international students. What the government chooses is good for this country. 
Finally, sending highly educated students back to their country is just weakening the competition strengths of our country in the future. We can't deny that USA is No.1 in this world. But other countries are trying to surpass the states. Most international students are talents in their fields. If opt extension is not supported. Many of them have to go back to their countries. It is true that there will be many many openings if this happens. But many companies will can not operate regularly. And those international students will be valued in their countries. Sending them back is like you send weapons to your rivals. I can't imagine how terrible this will be
