I strongly support the new amended proposal for extending OPT duration for STEM degrees students. I believe in the following reasons:

For decades, the United States is deemed as the land of opportunities because it provides talented people a ground to pursuit their dreams despite which part of the world they are coming from. It is important to keep the doors opened to talented students after they graduate to find their opportunities despite their races and nationalities. Discontinued OPT regulation will lose many talented people and cause a bad impact to the US job market. Imagine all the international students that are in the work force right now are all gone, many of the companies will have a hard time to immediately find the suitable people, which causes a huge bad impact on the US economy. In the long-term, since many talented people are gone because of the discontinuation of the OPT program, the US job market will not be as competitive as before and the average salary will tend to decrease. Also, since it becomes more difficult to find talented people in the US, jobs will shift to other countries that could provide more talents. In the long run, there can also be a chance that international students may want to pursuit their degrees in other countries than the US that could provide more job opportunities after graduation. International students pay a large amount of tuition fee compared to local students. If all the US universities lose many international students, it could impact the US economy as well.

In contrast, the new amendment for extending OPT duration for STEM degree students will have a lot of benefits to the United States. This program could attract talented students around the world to pursuit degrees from prestigious schools in the US and maintaining the high rankings for US universities. The extended program allows talented students to have more time to find a job and contribute more to the US workforce. If they tend to work for longer years, i