Mo Farooq I will be commenting from IT industry perspective. The US of A is the most preferred destination for students who want to pursue higher education or have Master's degree in IT sector.

Reasons being :

People who study in US are a cut above from the rest.
The standard of education and the Computer Science curriculum designed in this country cannot be matched by any other country in the world. 
The international exposure we get here is unparalleled to anywhere in the world. 
The IT industry in US is equivalent to that of heaven for Computer Science engineers. The experience we get here by working in the US makes us a very valuable asset back in our home country.

IT is an amazing field. There are innovations being made every other day. There is a new tool every other day. Be it application development of Database Administration. This industry will always keep expanding. There is no limit to it. The search for talented individuals will always be there.

United States of America will be losing a very talented group of individuals if the STEM rule is not reinstated. These are not ordinary individuals. They hold a Master's degree, are highly qualified and capable individuals in the vast and never ending field of engineering.
And above all, American companies will be losing the innovative ideas that these highly qualified and hardworking individuals have. These people have already contributed a lot for the American economy by paying huge tuition fees in American universities and would like to contribute more in the industry too.
These students just want the invaluable experience only the US IT industry can provide so that they can excel and reach their maximum potential and 12 months is a very short time to explore the minds of these highly talented and highly educated individuals.

STEM extension is quite necessary because it gives the American industry a chance to explore these people's minds and utilise their ideas for the benefit of their companies.
Believe me cancelling the STEM extension will be a grave mistake. It will really hurt the IT sector of this country. These are not just normal graduates, these are highly qualified post graduates holding Master's degree. The consequences of cancelling STEM extension can be brutal, there will be shortage of talent in the IT industry. Also students might not opt for the US for higher studies in the near future because of such rulings. This could mess things up in economic terms, as dollars won't be flowing in. The US of A will no longer be a lucrative option for students. It cannot attract students no more if such rulings are put into effect.

Last but not the least, these people just want to get some experience.
These guys come from far off lands and inject millions of dollars in the American economy by paying large sums of tuition fee every semester. Don't you think they deserve something better than a 12 month OPT? Yes, they do. They are not after anyone's jobs. Nor are they harming the local talent. These highly qualified post graduates just want to implement their innovative ideas and showcase their talent. After a few years of technical experience they go back to their home countries and bag big positions in reputed companies and some start their own companies, of which a lot have become multi million dollar conglomerates and enterprises.
All this made possible by American education and American experience.

Thank you and have a nice day.
God speed and good luck.
