Yunlong Gao I strongly support the new 24 month STEM OPT extension, which is beneficial to both international students and American people. Although it is believed by many people that foreign students might rob US citizens of work opportunities, this worry is unnecessary and unfounded. On the contrary, the cancellation of STEM OPT will result in more problems for US.

The first issue to be explained is that international students is not the source of competition that occur to US STEM workers. Those who are born in US have much more advantages over international students in job market. They have lived in the country for about 20 years at the moment when they start their career and also have a great network to help them with their job seeking. However, each international student has to adapt to a totally unknown environment after they step out of the airplane. They also have to face the issues such as language, communication with native people and unfamiliarity with laws and rules. Many foreign STEM workers have to re-learn the technical knowledge in another language, which may have been spoken by native speakers for 20 years and by foreigners for 2 years. You can imagine when a technical lead of a company is interviewing a foreign student and a native guy with same education level and technical skills, which one will be preferred? 

In the interviews of the companies like Facebook or Microsoft, foreign and native candidates will face different challenges. People with permanent residency or citizenship may only be asked questions about concepts like what recursion is, while foreign jobseekers have to attend interviews one after another and solve complex data structure and algorithm problems. Some companies even tell their recruiting standard clearly- we only consider green card holders and doctor students. I still havent figured out the association between doctor degree and green card, but it is obviously more difficult for foreigners to get jobs than citizens. It is impossible for US citizens to get their job positions robbed by international students and the worry about US citizen losing jobs due to OPT extension is unfounded.

Forcing international students to leave US is not a good way to reduce the pressure which native job seekers are suffering from, because foreigner usually get less payment in their own countries than that they can get in America. One programmer in China can be paid ten thousand Yuan monthly, equal to about 1666 dollars each monthly before paying tax (I dont know whether Mr. Donald Trump has mentioned it or not). This salary can hardly be accepted by technical workers in US since many things are also sold at a higher price than that of China. If those international students leave US and work in their own countries, companies in US will outsource more projects to pay less and US workers will therefore face greater challenge.

Intuitively, cancellation of OPT extension is what American STEM people want but actually not. In addition, universities and colleges are recruiting more international students and charging a large amount of tuition and other fees, which is an important source of scholarship for US students. Many international students choose to study in US because US provides work authorization for them to practice their skills after undergraduate or graduate education. After cancellation of OPT extension, the potential international students will turn to the other countries. Many US students will lose the chance to study in colleges or universities unless their family is able to pay twenty or thirty thousand dollars each year.
