Yucan Zhang I myself is not F1 student but H1B visa holder. I never needed to extend my OPT but I strongly support this program. Why? Because I know how badly my company needs those people. I'm working at an IT company and my manager is spending quite some time on recruiting. I believe no company would like to hire someone not speaking good English and have to pay so much money to support H1B application and maybe greencard application in the future. The truth is, no matter how hard they've tried, they simply can't find enough US citizens to fulfill their needs. Think about how fast those IT companies like Google Facebook Amazon Twitter... expanded. How could it be possible if they can only hire US citizens? Those companies favor fresh grads because fresh grads are very highly motivated and they are willing to work long hours and learn the standard that their first employer sets. Of course, fresh grads are less expensive. Especially for non-immigrant F1 students. Working in such companies is not a fun experience. Probably you've seen news about how badly some of the companies treat their employees. That's why these companies like to hire non-immigrant F1 students - smart, working hard, and loyal, even though the employers know, so well, how much trouble they have to go through to support such employees.

If all the F1 students have to leave the country after 1 year, the biggest impact is not to these students, because they can always find great jobs in other countries. Look at India and China, do you know how many companies are seeking engineers with oversea education and working experience? I have every reason to believe that these students can always find great jobs, and even better ones, at other places in the world. That gives a great chance for companies like Alibaba to grow, faster, and beat Amazon in 10 seconds. So the biggest impact is on US economy. I'm not exaggerating the situation at all. What has been supporting US to be the top of the world? Talents, the most talented people from the whole world. They are not taking job opportunities from US citizens, instead, they create 100 times more job opportunities for US citizens. If you shut this door and refuse talented, creative, young minds refreshing the country, it's not just US economy, but everything will fall, in a hard way. Of course, those entrepreneurs know this so well, they will leave the country even before the economy has any impact on them. They will not be rooted at US anymore if they can't hire such talented people here. Instead, they will move to other countries and hire them there. They are already doing this! Is this a big deal? Of course! If a company moves away, what we lose? Tax! And more! Realestate will crash first, and restaurants, retails ... everything, will shrink. We you reject one talent, you will lose 100 times more job opportunities.

I saw some comments saying "please stop this program and support illegal immigrants". Please, wake up! How well educated these illegal immigrants are? If no one creates job opportunities for them, how do they support themselves? Are you willing to pay even more tax to support them? If all the companies can't find enough talents in US and move to India or China, and pay taxes to those countries, not US, do you think you, and those illegal immigrants will live happily thereafter? USCIS received about 172,500 H-1B petitions in 2015. These are all supported by employees. Considering the green card application as well, this is best proof for how much employers need those non-immigrant students.

Please, give more opportunities to those young talents and keep US more creative and competitive. US needs them!
