Im a STEM student, working in cutting edge technology. I have studied and worked hard to study masters in US (from univ at Buffalo in CS) paying 35,000$ in fee(this fee is 60,000$ for few schools) apart from living expenses and taxes paid to local authorities. I have been always contributing to the US economy from day 1 in various forms like 
1) Paid academic fee for school for 2 years without any aid, this contributed for growth of my univ 
2) Paid for living expenses(1000$ / month total of 24000$ for 2 years), contributing to local economy.
3) Paid for insurance and local taxes(approx 500$ per month total of 12000$ for 2 years). 

Items listed above are limited and there are many more, if I would not have studied in US all the above wouldn't have gone to US economy. Now after graduating Im working in cutting edge technologies and paying 1500$ as tax(state and federal combined). So this will be lost directly if Im not allowed to continue in job.

Rule for OPT Stem Extension for 2 years WILL BE EQUALLY BENEFITIAL for students and US economy.US economy will thrive because of this new rule, because of the skill training.

Understand that this rule not against Americans and Citizens, who are protected by this updated rule for their employment that no American should be removed from service because of this OPT and their PAY should not be reduced because of this rule as adequate measures taken.Also the new rule restricts that there is no less pay for any of the OPT students

Already students have started to go to ENGLAND because of the OPT extension is stopped by the court in US and there the education is less expensive for Masters, since it is one year only and lot of employment opportunities.
America will be the loser for each Masters seat evolving around $125000 per year as college fees. If there are no students for Masters Stem, there will be a loss of $ 31250000000 per year to USA with 250000 proposed foreign students. Total Loss to US Colleges and Universities in 1