Haoran Hu As a potential student in United States of America, I strongly support the proposals for the following reasons:
1. As a student out of America who tries his/her best to pass GRE and TOEFL tests, and devotes lots of efforts to apply universities in America. He or she wants continuing making contribution to America with what he/she learns in the country, without solving the staying problem in America, this is not possible. America itself is a country of different kinds of cultures, different kinds of peoples. America is a country with full innovation, while the innovation can't stay long without people who have the hope for contribution. The reason why we choose America for studying is that we can continue working and contributing what we learned. Currently the H1B is so hard to be chosed and approved, the OPT extension is really very important for us foreign students to stay in America legally.
2. Lots of high technique companies born in America, these companies need lots of related employees for their development. We international students are the potential employees for these companies. Someones argue that international students will make native Americans lose jobs, while this is not fair. Companies will only choose the right persons who have the abilities of managing the job. Event there exist no International students, native Americans who are not fit for the jobs won't get the jobs either. While without enough employees, companies will struggle for their continue development. And also the original employees will bare a lot of pressure, since they will have to undertake too much work since the short of employees.
3. International students have brought diversities to America, which is really very important for America. America itself is a country of diversities, when looks back to the history of America, this is also true. It's impossible for America to develop without people from different locations in the world. International students will bring prosperous for America. Americans shall have a long views of their country's future. This is related to their own and also their descendants' future.

All in all, the proposal to extend the OPT really does a right thing for America's future. I strongly support this proposal.
