Tianyi Li I strongly support this improving and expanding OPT for F-1 STEM student proposal for the following reasons:

1. The government should let the STEM students who learned knowledge from U.S. universities make contributions to U.S. As we know, STEM students who learn in U.S. will acquire tons of high-tech knowledge after they get a degree. Some of them will be top candidates and they are superstars in the eyes for employers. I found there is a sentence on most companies career-boards: "We are equitable employer. "However, in my mind, the sentences is not true in some cases. Some high-tech employers will never take STEM international students into account because they need H1B sponsorship. According to the statistics on web, even master or higher H1B applicants will have 45% possibility to "win" a H1B visa. If this proposal is approved by government, STEM students will have more possibilities to work in U.S. legally. So it's obvious that they can make more contribution for U.S. high-tech industry and the economy. 

2. I am an international computer science master student from China and was a software engineer intern in Chicago. Before I came in US, I had a lot of choices to purse my master degree in US, Canada, Singapore and Europe. The main concern I choose to study here is the government could provide me the industry training opportunity during school or after graduation. So, in my mind, OPT extension should be very important to attract foreign STEM talents. Without this OPT extension rules, I don't know whether US could still attract so many foreign STEM students every year. But I am sure that there will be some negative effects on high-tech industry. If this OPT extension rule is terminated by some reasons, it will be a huge disaster to most US companies like Google, Apple, Facebook, etc. Because a large proportion of people in those companies are foreign STEM talents. 

All in all, I strongly support new OPT extension rule and hope it will be approved by the government.
