Yu Zhao Making the right decision is hard, even harder when you are under stress. But it is especially important for people to make the correct decision during hardship, because at these moments, they truly define the values they believe. It is natural to against this rule under the current economy, which is recovering slowly after a crisis. But we have to look at the bigger picture now. Globalization is happening, we are living in a world where people are getting closer and closer. The theme of this world is open up, is diversity, and is embrace the possibilities. The OPT program is enabling all of these. 
We are not taking your jobs. The proposed rule states clearly that the employers will not terminate, lay off, or furlough any full or part-time, temporary or permanent U.S. workers as a result of providing STEM OPT to students. Besides, they have to provide resources and trained personnel to provide appropriate mentoring and training in connection with the specified opportunities. International students under STEM OPT are not payed at the minimum wage. Students with STEM degrees normally are payed at a rate far higher than the minimum wage, as they normally work on relatively rewarding positions such as Software Engineer or Software Developers.
International students are making contributions to your country. A lot of them pay full tuitions to universities or colleges, enabling these educational institutions to provide financial aids to more domestic students. While they are studying in the U.S., they are purchasing goods and services, which creates more jobs in the U.S. job market. After they graduate and start working for U.S. firms, they pay about 30% of their income as taxes. I personally pay federal income tax, state income tax, Medicare and social security every year, exactly the amount of tax any of my co-workers pay. If this rule fail to go through, it would be a huge blow to the economy, as every international students who are thinking about coming here for their higher education might have a second thought.
People with talent can work anywhere, why not let them work in the United States? These people are bringing new ideas to U.S. companies, helping these companies to build things that could revolutionize the way people are living their lives. Even better, instead of helping existing U.S. companies, they are more likely to start new companies, creating more job opportunities for the economy. Innovations always come from somewhere. Closing the door on international students decreases the chance that the next big thing originated from the U.S., not increasing it.
This is one of the times that we need to see through the fog and realize what are really beneficial for the economy, both domestically and globally. STEM OPT is helping the U.S. economy, enabling more talented people to learn more from each other and preparing international students for better futures. The United States is the greatest country in the world, and this rule is one step preventing her from veering off the course of keeping her greatness.
