Sujit Prabhakar Extending the STEM OPT duration by a further duration of 24 months is an excellent rule that will support increasing the growth rate of the US economy . It also helps it improve competitiveness vis--vis other developed nations. US has to compete today with new and faster growing economies like China and India. The following points support the above hypotheses

1. US educated international students have undergone an education system that is continually tuned and updated for the innovative needs of US Industries. By letting them go out of the country, they carry the learning with them and benefit their country of origin than the USA. 
2. Supply of STEM graduates in US cannot cope up with demand leading to companies directly hiring from overseas undergrad colleges, putting US graduates and undergraduates at a disadvantage and increasing costs (companies have to incur higher costs to recruit from overseas)to the nation.
3. The OPT extension opportunity will encourage more students to study in the USA (vis--vis other countries) thus supporting the US economy further.
4. Balancing supply of STEM skilled workforce with demand helps keep the labor rates competitive for the industry and keeps costs and inflation down.
5. By increasing OPT duration, the nation will be able to reduce dependence on H1B, as companies will have the option to assess competencies of the US educated graduates during the OPT period and give them the first shot at an H1B, before looking for overseas candidates. This gives the nation to seek a good balance between OPT and H1B programs.
6. Education in the US not only increases their skills, but also improves their skills in sports, soft skills, confidence and managerial capabilities; which are not usually an area of focus for international colleges. Thus parting by with a US educated undergraduate student the nation loses more than just their technical competence.

In short, extending the OPT program will make the US a preferred destination for higher education, give opportunities to companies to recruit locally and the retain the best of the best (through H1B) which eventually is a best solution in the long term.
