I strongly support this rule proposed by DHS.
Let's first think why there are people against this rule. They have 2 concerns:
1. They think the international students are competing with them in job market;
2. They are worrying the foreign students will bring back advanced technologies to their own countries.
Other reasons, I believe they originate from these 2 points.

For the first concern, just think how many STEM-openings are there each year in job market and how many students graduated from colleges and universities. Then please think how many U.S. students are majoring in STEM majors. Not a lot. I don't know why, but the number of U.S. students is really hard to meet the company's demands. If each year a lot of international students have to leave, this definitely will lead to a big regression in U.S. companies. If such a large portion of well-educated and well-trained students are leaving, does the U.S. government come up with a better idea to keep the balance? If they are forced to leave, how much diversity will be left in industry and research area? I do believe U.S. is always the leader in expanding diversity and realizing human well-fair, however, forcing the STEM students to leave just after 12 months is not something that support this. The international students stays in school for many years, how much experience they can gain in just 12 months after school?

For the second concern, any sensitive career is already investigated very thoroughly by the government and company before international students can have access to. I can't promise this will never happen, however, this is the risk people have to pay if you want diversity and development. If you open the window to enjoy the sunshine, both butterflies and flies may come in, the wise deed is to think about how to prevent the flies while still can enjoy the sunshine. It's not smart to completely close the window and say goodbye to both sunshine and flies. 

International students, especially ones in STE