I would like to thank DHS for proposing the new OPT Extension rule for STEM program. From my opinion, I think this rule would tremendously advance the US economy in the long run by increasing the amount of skilled labors and advancing technology. According to theories from international trade, it is always good for countries to be abundant in skilled labor.
First, the OPT Extension rule will support the development of local small engineering, and IT firms by encouraging them to hire more talented people. Therefore, it not only solves the shortage of skilled labor for firms, but also encourages these firms to make more progress. 
Second, this program will largely help the technological advancement of this country as well as students home countries. After the Extension period, students will go back to their countries and keep working in the same area. Namely, this is a win-win situation.
Third, this new program would attract more students from worldwide to the US, which could significantly raise the reputation for American Schools. Also, the tuition paid by international students has significantly contributed to the construction of local schools, economy, and even the national GDP. At the same time, more scholars will be attracted to the American universities; these people will publish more scientific papers as well as doing more experiments, which, in return, benefits the US.

I will also make it clear that this new program is NEVER an immigration program. 
The OPT Extension is a limited time working period aiming at gaining more experience in the related field. There are numerous firms, and these firms have vacancies ALL TEH TIME. People will still get jobs as long as these individuals are qualified. Everyone has to be qualified for the position he/she wants. Not being qualified does NOT mean other people steal your jobs. That individual is simply NOT QUALIFIED, and will not get hired anyway.
Some people argue that OPT is an exchange of cheap labor. This is absolute