Xingye Wang To whom it may concern:

In my opinion, the "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students" will be beneficial to the US instead of just giving problems to the US. The reason are as followed:

1. This program is mostly effective on international students who has received higher education (especially graduate school students and PhD student) in STEM fields. Although they are international students, they are still a group of people, who are experienced and knowledgeable in their field/research, which can be consider of a great deal of value to a country even to the world. This program will help attracting these people for sure.

2. What is the benefit to attract these people? Obviously, STEM fields are pushing the development of a country and the world. So it is critical for a country. With the experience and knowledge from the top students from the world, the STEM fields in the US will get stronger and better. If the US is able to attract the top people in the fields from all over the world, no one can deny that the US will be at the top of the fields. 

3. What's going to happen if the STEM fields get better? Better economy and more job opportunities. With the healthy development of STEM, it will greatly help the economy of the country. Besides, better development in STEM means more companies. More companies means better job opportunities. So although there are some citizens are concerned about the job opportunities being affected for now, with better foresight, government knows that this program is better for the country. 

4. This program is just an opportunities for international STEM students to find jobs and show their values. It is not a guarantee and there are still competence. So the companies will make the fair and smart decision that who will be more useful and helpful to the companies. 

5. What if just ask all the international students to leave after the 12 month OPT or even graduate? Now, talented, experienced and knowledgeable people are the most valuable wealth. If the US does this, and some other countries do the contrary things, attracting these people, it is not hard to imagine that the US will lose its power in the world in not very long time. Let's look back, Albert Einstein are from Germany and many other scientists are from other countries. If the US just had pushed them away instead of creating a good environment for them, would the US be like a powerful country like this?

That being said, the STEM international students are great wealth in the US. Taking advantage of this rather than just pushing them away should be a better choice. These are my opinions. Thanks.

