Ivy Huang Economic study and empirical evidence show that H-1B workers make a significant contribution to the U.S. economy in many aspects, such as boosting GDP, increasing the income of ALL Americans, raising state and federal tax revenue (which contributes remarkably to the social security system), etc. Many foreign students on F-1 nonimmigrant student visas changes status to the H-1B visa sponsored by an employer. However, a substantial proportion of other foreign students first works after graduation through the OPT program. The permitted stay to work under the OPT was two years in the past, but it has been changed to 12 months. 

Workers that engage in the OPT program primarily holds at least a Bachelor degree. In 2009, non-resident aliens comprised 39.8% of masters degrees and 44.7% of doctorate degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics (STEM) fields. It's not hard to imagine a big loss in innovation and human capital when this group of young workers have to leave the U.S. when their OPT expires.

I know that some Americans may think that immigrants "take away" their jobs. However, they didn't see the implicit benefits to the whole society and the positive externality to every American. Immigration benefits America in at least two ways. First, increased immigration expands the American workforce and encourages more business start-ups. Second, immigrants increase economic efficiency by raising the supply of low- and high-skilled immigrants. In many cases immigrants' educational backgrounds complement, rather than displace, the skills of the native-born labor market. 

There are abundant economic and social studies on the contribution made by immigrants to the U.S. economy. Just list a few numbers here: If adopting a more flexible immigration policy, America would gain about 203,000 more job opportunities per annum, $18.4 billion in total state and federal taxes on the annual average, $140 billion in GDP, and $80 billion in the income of ALL Americans.
