I strongly support this proposal because it brings a lot benefits to United States but without much harm. U.S. pride itself being the country that attracts the best talent around the world. One major advantage U.S. education has comparing to other nations, such as U.K., is that U.S. education is more practical. In classroom, we do experiments ourselves instead of just listening to the lectures; Outside classroom, we have CPT and OPT program to enhance our understanding of knowledge with practical experience. Extending the OPT program for STEM areas would definitely increasing the compatibility of U.S. education and attracting more talented students to U.S.,thus increasing the income and student body quality for U.S. universities. In the meanwhile, international students become u.s.consumers. They will need to buy cars, clothes, products, and travel while in U.S., thus helping U.S. economy. Besides that, this extension program is not for all international students, it's for students who are in STEM field, which companies couldn't find enough domestic labor. For non-STEM field workers, this proposal would not make them have to compete with international students. It's only because there's demand from STEM firms that cannot be satisfied by U.S. citizens, thus they reach out to international students who have solid education background and skills.Only with desired amount of labor, can U.S. firms achieve the company target and boost U.S.economy in the desired scope. This program also only extend OPT program for another year. It does not make international students legal workers after that. There are other system such as H1B cap, lottery, green card system that limit the number of students who can stay at U.S. longer. Many of the students will still leave U.S. and go back to their home country with the top education and skills, which makes them great leaders in the companies,thus benefiting U.S.universities having more prominent alumnis around the world. In conclusion, th