Walter Krokosz I am very concerned about the proposed rule for the Optional Training Program. Would you please explain to me how the various issues which the people below have stated will be addressed by the Department of Homeland Security.

Sincerely,
ITC Walter H. Krokosz USNR Retired

Professor Norm Matloff

the proposed rule effectively "requires employers and universities to engage in unlawful immigration status discrimination."
"The rule requires these organizations to set up mentoring programs for foreign graduates to work under OPT. However, there is no requirement that American graduates receive the same benefit."

If the U.S. indeed "needs" the foreign students to remedy a STEM labor shortage, why do these students need training?
If workers with such training are indeed needed, why won't these special mentoring programs be open to Americans?

Ron Hira of Howard University:

"It is pure fiction that someone with a master's degree in electrical engineering needs an additional three years to work as an intern to be a productive professional.
"It's an over-reach to claim that someone who completes a master's degree in as little as 12 months needs three years interning -- at low or no pay in many cases -- to get further training."

Sam Rolley of Personal Liberty:

"not only does the DHS's plan ensure that foreign-born graduates will be taking jobs that American college students desperately need, it also categorizes the foreign-born employees in such a way that exempts them from payroll taxes."
"a 2013 study from the left-leaning Economic Policy Institute found that there are plenty of American workers with and without degrees who are qualified to fill STEM jobs in IT sectors."

ARE U.S. STUDENTS EXCLUDED FROM THIS PRIVILEGED PROGRAM?

G. Safeguards for U.S. Workers in Related Fields.

To guard against adverse effects on U.S. workers, this proposal would require terms and conditions of a STEM practical training opportunity (including duties, hours, and compensation) to be commensurate with those applicable to similarly situated U.S. workers. This is deceptive. The Regulation and definitions ensure that there are no similarly situated U.S.worker. The Regulation deflect the issue away from this U.S. worker or this employer to other employers of the same {undefined} size anywhere in the world.Lastly, the Regulations require comparison of students with U.S. workers that is the proverbial apples vs. oranges false comparison, leaving U.S. workers with no protection by definition since no worker can ever be similarly situated to a student.

The Regulations define similarly situated as U.S. workers in other employers {not other employees of the same employer} of analogous size and industry and in the same geographic area {which will be strictly construed} of employment. Similarly situated U.S. workers would include U.S. workers performing similar duties and with similar educational backgrounds, employment experience, levels of responsibility, and skill sets as the STEM OPT student.

In Short By Definition There Are No Similarly Situated U.S.Workers Ensuring That No One Will Meet This Definition So The Employer Can Never Be Liable For Replacing Any U.S. Worker.

In addition an employer is to monitor and record his own actions by attestation in the Mentoring and Training Plan. This Regulation is designed to harm U.S. workers because it leaves the FOX GUARDING THE HENHOUSE. The employer would also be required to attest that: (1) The employer has sufficient resources and trained personnel available to provide appropriate mentoring and training in connection with the specified opportunity; (2) the employer will not terminate, lay off, or furlough any full or part-time,temporary or permanent U.S. workers as a result of providing the STEM OPT to the student; and (3) the students opportunity assists the student in attaining his or her training objectives.
