I am an international student and am working as an electrical engineer at a very reputed firm in Washington DC. I have increasingly realized the extent to which I can contribute to my company and benefit mutually. I am current employed through the STEM OPT available to me due my F1 visa. 

From when I started graduate school at Ohio State University, my goal has constantly been to achieve the highest degree of learning and experience and eventually be a valuable asset to my home country. Throughout my graduate program, I have been an active member of the research group at Ohio State University Department of Electrical Engineering working in the field of Sustainable Energy and Power Systems. I consider these as unique and key learning opportunities accessible to me due to the very reputed educational standards available in the United States. This high level of education prepared me for a career with my current employer. I was hired by my current employer when I was in my third semester of graduate school and was offered very competitive remuneration for my skills. My employer is enrolled in the E-Verify program and maintains a good standing in E-Verify program.

I see the United States as being very beneficial resource for learning and I intend to contribute back to this country with my skills. In the light of my priorities and goals, I see this rule being instrumental in helping me being valuable to my company and indirectly to this country, during this phase of my career in the United States.

In the event of the OPT STEM extension being revoked, I would be required to terminate my employment and leave the country. This situation would seriously impact my progressive career and I see this as a serious discouragement from seeking higher educational opportunities in the United States. 

I strongly support reinstating the rule and the extension for 24 months. I discussed this situation with my employer and voice their unanimous support for this rule to be implemented.