Dear Officers
This is a great proposed rule that will secure the top talents stay in United States. There are currently ~60% international students in Stanford graduate school and 42% internationals in MIT graduate school, and around this percentage of internationals in other top universities. Imagine, half of those technology institute graduates leave the country after they graduate. It would be a disaster to the tech industry, which is the main driven of US economy now. Keeping those talented students working, innovating, and contributing to US, is critical. 
I've read a lot comments about international students are taking away jobs from American citizens. Those numbers need further investigation. A thorough survey is needed for this point. First, employers only hire internationals when they can't find qualified Americans. 
Second, this OPT extension rules are not giving international priority. US citizen still have the priority in all situations. This rule is strengthening on further monitor and regulate the practice of OPT and prevent abusing of OPT. In long-term, taking away STEM international students could reduce jobs in total in related field which in turn worsen the employment situation of US citizens. 
There are tons of tech startups in silicon valley, among which many international employers are on OPT extension including my company, a biotech startup in San Francisco bay area. Taking them away all at once in Feb 2016 is definitely a disaster for those companies and could threaten their survival. If this happened, it could be a potential trigger of the broken of silicon valley tech bubbles. This will definitely affect the economy. In an economy regression, there are less jobs to offer to Americans. 
I understand, for a government, the first thing to do is to make sure the economy of the country is stable and going up, and then they are able to help their people to survive. 
By keeping top tech talents all around the world is beneficial to the economy. Wit