Yi Guo Dear Sir/Madam,

I am an international student at Columbia University. I am about to complete my master degree in computer science this December. Clearly, I have little expertise in public policy given my area of study. However, I would like express some of my personal opinions as an "outsider" and hope they would be of any help in the finalization process. 

1. From my understanding, the opposing argument of the STEM extension centered on the concern that international students has been increasing the competition in the U.S. job market. This has becoming a "threat" to U.S. citizens as the latter finds it difficult to be employed. This seems true, but in fact makes no sense. From my personal experience in job seeking, international students are much less favored given their immigration status. Employers prefer candidates with citizenship or permanent residency simply because they do not require sponsorship to start the job. At the same time, the cost of hiring an international student is much higher, considering the sponsorship fee and especially the risk that after a long-term training they may leave the country unwillingly due to work authorization such as failure to win the H1B lottery. This lead to the unfairness in job seeking where candidates with citizenship and permanent residency are on the much more advantageous side. International students, on the other hand, have to be exceptional for the same position.

2. Students affected by this policy are those who study science, technology, engineering, and math education. I have reasons to believe that students in these areas, regardless of immigration status, intelligent and well-educated. They think logically and believe in reasons. They are well aware that success comes from hard work and excellencies, and nothing else. They also know very well that competition drives progress. In this competitive world, U.S. has been in the leading position for almost a hundred years because a large group of intelligent engineers and scientists immigrated to this land of opportunity during World War II. It is of U.S.' best interest to retaining this position by keeping the most intelligent students after their graduation and encouraging them to stay and serve this country. Clearly, without STEM extension and the shortage on H1B visas, international students would have to leave the U.S. and find a job in their home country. I personally do not see any cons to those students themselves in terms of their career path. However, speaking of the hard fact, if the extension is not favored, the U.S. trains international students to be the best with its educational resources and send them back to serve the countries which may be competitors to this country. This does not seem to be a decision with visions, and definitely not favors the body of people in the U.S.

3. At Columbia University, I benefit from the diversity where I have the opportunity to interact with people with different background. I believe this also holds true for most of the U.S. universities that the major body of students, and even faculty members, have international background. At the same time, U.S.' technology industry heavily depends on international employees. Take myself as an example, I had the opportunity to work as an software engineer intern at Facebook, Inc. this summer. In my team of 12, we had engineers from Russia, China, Japan, Ukraine, and Poland. While we worked together for the company, we also had the chance to experience different cultures and learn different languages. My experience suggests that this policy definitely contributes to, stabilizes, and further improves the U.S. economy. Without OPT and its extension, the technology industries such as Google and Facebook would end up in a devastating situation with the majority of their employees losing their work authorization.

With these in mind, I strongly support the 24-month STEM extension. Thank you for your time and consideration.
