I strongly support this new OPT extension rule. I'm an international computer science master student from China and was a software engineer intern. Before I came to US, I had multiple options to purse my master degree in US, Canada, Singapore, Hong Kong and British. The most important reason I choose to study here is US could provide me the industry training opportunity during school or after graduation. So OPT extension is very important to attract foreign STEM talents. Without this OPT extension rule, I can't believe US could still attract so many foreign STEM talents every year to contribute their knowledge to this country and I probably would choose to study in other countries with better policy to foreign STEM talents. BTW, if this rule is terminated by some reasons, it's definitely a huge disaster to most US high-tech companies, like Google, Apple, Intel, Facebook, etc. Because they are supported by foreign STEM talents. 

As I'm a Chinese STEM student and was born and living there, I would return back China eventually. Before then, I'd like to apply my knowledge learned from US university to US high-tech industry development. If I have about 3 years work experience in US, I would be competitive in the job market of China. That's why this new OPT rule would benefit both US high-tech industry and international STEM talents.

Countries such as Canada, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia, Malaysia, Taiwan, and China are actively instituting new strategies to attract international students. 

For example, Canada also recognizes that educational institutions need international students to compete in the global race for research talent. [35] In April, 2008, Canada modified its Post-Graduation Work Permit Program to allow international students who have graduated from a recognized Canadian post-secondary institution to stay and gain valuable post-graduate work experience for a period equal to the length of the student's study program, up to a maximum of three 