Zhefei Yu To Whom it May Concern:

I sincerely support this proposal. It will benefit not only international students but also many U.S. employers and the entire U.S. economy. I am an international student with F1-visa, just graduated from Stanford with my master degree in Electrical Engineering. Now I am working at a startup company as a software engineer in San Francisco with my OPT. Honestly, I was really worried when I saw the news that the original 17-month opt extension was revoked this August. Lots of my friends were also very upset. We are foreign students came from different countries. We came to U.S. to pursue BS/MS/PhD degree for better education here. But if opt extension is revoked, so many young and talented students have to go back to their original countries, say goodbye to the career they just started, which is very unreasonable, also a bad news for those U.S. employers, such as those tech companies. They would also lose great employees, which is the most resource for a company. But now, if we can make this good news - the new proposed rule valid, it will bring so many benefits, which is really really exciting. At least for myself, if this rule is confirmed eventually, I would have 3 times to attend the H1B visa lottery; I won't need to worry about my visa anymore, I can finally focus on my work and life with relief.

Also, this proposal will definitely improve the integrity of the STEM OPT program by encouraging we students to gain valuable, practical STEM experience, while preventing adverse effects to U.S. workers. By enhancing our functional understanding of how to apply academic knowledge in a work setting, we will be better qualified to embark on careers in their respective fields of study. These on-the-job experiences would be obtainable only with employers committed to developing students knowledge and skills through practical application. Moreover, the proposed rules aim to maintain the competitive edge in attracting international STEM students to study and lawfully remain in the United States, which is so important to the U.S.

In summary, I totally support this proposal and hope it could be valid as soon as possible. Thanks!
