Jack Z Why STEM Extension is good for America? Because these worries are not true:

Myth 1: Too many international students will make job market become oversupplied, make current Americans working in STEM field get paid less.

That's simply not true, because market is NOT oversupplied now. Based on current job market, it is very unlikely that job market become oversupplied. And even this does happen, it is unlikely that company lowering down the pay of American citizens working in STEM field.

Myth 2: Too many international students will American fresh graduates hard to find job.

That's also not true. First, unlike other jobs, STEM jobs require applicants to have strong skill sets. And as you can see, most popular majors in US college are not STEM majors. In fact, more international students working in STEM field will help to boost fresh graduates employment. Because more STEM workers meaning more managers are needed (and most of international STEM students are not interested in managing people) , and as a matter of fact, the most popular major in America is business administration, so more American students will actually benefit from such policy by becoming managers of these international students. 

Myth 3: Too many international students will change the culture of American companies.

Yes, that's absolutely true. But it is a positive change, because globalization is a competition advantage. 

Myth 4: STEM extension lowering the bar to become American citizen.

True and false. Yes, it makes international students with STEM skills easier to achieve citizenship by allowing them stay longer to work out immigration procedure. But isn't this good change? Best of STEM talents are stay in America, it will help increase the competition edge. 

Myth 5: New generations of American become more interested in tech. In fact , number of Computer Science students are increasing each year. At that time, many of international students work in tech companies will become managers, and their nepotism will make them prefer fellow international students.

That's not going to happen. First because many of international students only like their major, they don't like management. Americans are going to be hiring manager, not these international workers. In fact, majority of hiring managers in tech companies are American. Most of senior executives of tech companies are also American (there only a few neutralized Americans who become executives)

Myth 6: Looking at what is happening in Europe! Let foreigners flock into our country will damage our society!

That's nonsense. Because STEM students are going to have a job, they will create values for society, not suck up society.

Myth 7: Many tech companies are laying off people this year! America no longer needs foreign STEM workers.

Very wrong. Only a few tech companies laid off people. There is no sign that tech industry is slowing down.

Myth 8: Experienced foreign STEM students will make companies become reluctant to hire Americans who don't have technical skills yet ( even though these American can qualify those jobs after a few months training)

Not true. Experienced foreign STEM students are unsubstuitble, because becoming experienced will require many years of training, not just a few years.

Myth 9: STEM Extension is unfair because foreign students work in STEM fields are not paying Social Security / Medicare that American would need to pay.

That's true, it is unfair but it's legal. But it has nothing to do with STEM extension. If you don't like, you can submit a proposal to ask them pay. 

Myth 10: STEM extension will attract more foreign students studying in US, which will make American universities admit less American students.

Not true. Because these foreign students are paying more than American students, so their extra tuition actually helped the university to admit more American students.

In summary, STEM extension is good for American. All your worries are worries are redundant. In fact, America should also entrepreneur visa to invite students all over the world come to America, create startups and hire more Americans.
