Deepak Mouli I am an F-1 Student, currently on Optional Practical Training program. I studied my Master's in the United States and upon graduation, I received a job offer from a US based company for the relevance of the course I chose to study here and the skills I possessed that convinced them to extent the Full-Time opportunity to me.

Now, when I came to the US to study, I chose a STEM program because, I knew I had a 17 month extension to stay and work in the US after my OPT. I planned my education, finances and career accordingly. Removing the STEM program without a consideration for candidates like me seems like a short-sighted decision. My employer, extended the opportunity to me thinking that I would work with them for at least 3 years. They spent on getting me on-board, educating me on their industry practices with the hopes of making me a productive employee after my initial phase. If I am to leave, my US employer will not only lose my skills and values that I bring to the table but also the time and resource they spent on getting me on-board and investing on me as an employee. I haven't started to be useful to my employer yet. It takes at least 6 months for a new employee to start being production in a new company. Extrapolating this to the 50,000 students like me and their US-based employers who have invested similarly on their respective students on OPT, I believe students are not the only ones losing, but the US based companies also have a lot to lose. Based on my experience, I have not been seen as a threat by any of the American friends I have made and in no way were any of them denied an opportunity in favor of an International student like myself.

Removing the STEM program might become detrimental to the US education sector as over 900,000 students that come to study to the US every year, will start having second thoughts about viewing the US as the education hub. The revenue that International students bring to the US economy is well documented and the more we help a US company grow, the more they hire. The more they hire, more jobs get created which is available first for the US citizens. If the job goes unfilled, only then the position is offered to an International Student.

Overall this is a welcome move and would definitely benefit the US economy.
