I am a LGBT international student from a university in Ivy League who is going to work in a prestigious tech company soon (pardon me for not disclosing the name of my university to preserve privacy). In my opinion, not only do we need this proposal and other beneficial policies for international students to work in the US after graduation, but America also needs this proposal and the policies to stay competitive and maintain its leadership in the world stage.

Identified myself in the LGBT community, I could have the opportunity to marry my lover only in the United States. Therefore, I came to this country with authentic agreement with American value of freedom and equality, and a strong will to contribute to her. 

During the past years, I have the learnt important skills needed to become a professional software engineer. The software industry and the Internet are very important to the future of America and we are already caught up or lagging behind in some significant facets, like e-commerce and supporting logistics, natural language processing of audio language data, and so forth. Each needs sophisticated algorithm, strong sense of creativity, and abundant engineering experience. I am currently studying one of the top programs relevant to computer science and data science in the US, and my goal is to continue to sharpen my skills to help American companies to win over their competitors all around the world, because this is a country that admits the right of marriage that I deserve.

What will I do if I am forced back to my home country? First of all, the company that hires me will suffer from the loss to recruit new workers to substitute me. My team likes me and hopes me to stay to work with them. If I am not working with them, they may consider outsourcing the job to someone in India or China. Worse still, I cannot get married and live peacefully with my partner in my country of origin, but I have to work to make a living. I will work for their companies instead