Koketso Makhafola I believe that the OPT STEM extension should continue to exist. Many of my fellow contractors/co-workers are STEM students either still on OPT or just awarded an H1B visa. The engineers and scientist I've worked with have benefited tremendously from engaging with international citizens in ways that most Americans do not. It is a well known fact that most Americans don't travel outside the US and most have little to no understanding of cultural differences. In my experience these issues were organically addressed in the workplace, which was about 50% international. My American cohorts got to learn more about other places and cultures and got to teach us more about America as well. An additional advantage of allowing international students to partake in the American job market is that it also makes it more competitive and encourages US citizens to obtain higher degrees and additional job related training. This in turn makes the workers more productive and effective and increases the overall economic productivity. Another factor to consider is that although some people claim they can't find jobs because STEM students have saturated the market - this is not the whole truth. But even if it were partially true, the fact of the matter is that these workers are needed in the US. There are a more American students studying liberal arts instead of sciences, which leaves the market lacking skilled workers young workers, thus forcing mature workers to work even longer. 

I think that even with the STEM extension, internationals are only here temporarily. There's a cap on the H1B visa and the extension only affords STEM students multiple opportunities to apply but guarantees nothing. STEM students won't saturate the market if the extension is allowed. I see the STEM extension as a win-win situation because ultimately there's a great brain exchange occurring. Inexperienced but highly educated international students acquire skills in the American job market. Some of them may get visas and stay while others have to return to their home countries or find opportunities elsewhere. Those that stay, continue to help the US economy and those that leave help their own countries and inadvertently maintain a healthy free market competition with the US and other western economies.
