Wyatt Mitcheal It was quite shocking when I heard that one organization sued USCIS regarding of the issue that OPT and its expanding were published without one procedure. But this is not the point that I was shocked. In fact, hearing that an union was afraid of international students taking away their jobs was much more shocking than anything else. 
1. Why would they have such unfounded thoughts? International students are quite limited when they look for jobs. Most jobs international students had are those basic jobs that most citizens would not even apply for. Also since international students has so many limitation in finding jobs, they actually won't be able to compete with those people (who worried about jobs being taken away). 
2. Why give up the grand shopping power, tax income and human resource to the U.S.. As everybody knows, international students are a group of people who spends a lot of money to U.S. According to NAFSA's latest analysis, they finds that the 974,926 international students studying at U.S. colleges and universities contributed $30.5 billion and supported more than 373,000 jobs to the U.S. economy during the 2014-2015 academic year. Acknowledging the potential benefits international students can bring on board, U.S. should prompt in understanding the big-picture impact of international students. International students have become integral to the financial health of many US higher education institutions, but the impact goes beyond money spent on tuition fees and living expenses. International students are also helping to fill skills shortages at a time when the US share of the world's science and engineering graduates is declining. 
3. 12-month OPT is short, the extention time is not long enough either! How many years does a person need to really stand steady in one field? The time length USCIS provides to International students are fairly short for a career, which is more like a longer version of trial period. International students need time to pay back and make contribute of what they learned. 
Based on opinions above, I strongly support improving and expanding training opportunities for International students.
