Yuxiong Zhu Hello everyone,

It's obvious that in the American job market, American people always have priority over international students. This is because companies have to apply visa and process files for international employee, which means they need to pay more money and effort for hiring international employee. Moreover, some companies, for example which don't enroll E-Verify, can't hire international students at all. When you read recruitment flyer, it's not surprising to see "US citizens-only" for some job types.

However as far as I know, there are still many international students working in American Companies. That means hiring managers are willing to give international students a chance even they know they need to pay more for this, and they also know that international students must have weaker English skills. According to my friends who are working at American Companies, the reasons are as following:
1. International employee are diligent, they are willing to work overtime and don't claim any overtime pay.
2. They don't complain that much. The United States is the best country providing reliable food quality, great environment, sufficient salary, etc. So working and living in the United States is really good enough, they are satisfied and there is no need to complain even sometime they feel tired.
3. They are smart. You can tell that international students often have higher GPA in their study at US.
4. They don't cause troubles. As far as I see, there are few international employee commit crime. They are well educated and honestly more cautious and timid.

Thus, international students have many special advantages in hiring managers' view even though they have less priority than American people. So this means, international employee are needed for their special value and the existence of international employee doesn't hurt the employment rate in the United States nor the efficiency of companies: if one American candidate is as good as an International candidate, the American candidate will definitely get the job offer because he/she has higher priority. If an International candidate wins a job offer while an American candidate loses, then the International candidate must be more potential, thus can contribute more to the company.

In summary, international students are a valuable source which contributes to US prosperity, especially in the areas of Science, technology and Engineering. They deserve to work longer and bring more benefits to American companies. The improvement and extension of OPT for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students is a great proposal for American companies, the United States as well as the students.

Thanks for your attention.
Best regards.
