I am strongly positive to this new OPT extension rule. I'm an international computer science master student from China. Before I applied to the universities in US, I had multiple options to purse my master degree in US, Canada, Singapore, Hong Kong, British and China. The most appealling part from US was the trainning oppotunities in industry during school or after graduation. So OPT extension is very important to attract foreign STEM talents. Without this OPT extension rule, I can't believe US could still attract so many foreign STEM talents every year to contribute their knowledge to this country and I probably would choose to study in other countries with better policy to foreign STEM talents. Therefore, for sake of the income of universities in US, the OPT extension is a key factor to attract those students all over the world to apply for the universities and pay the tuition, which is a great part of the income of the universities, with which the unversities can sponsor more scholars on researches to advance technology to improve the life of US citizens.

Apart from the aspects of the universities, if this rule is terminated by some reason, it's definitely a huge disaster to many US high-tech companies, like Google, Apple, Intel, Facebook, etc. More than half of the engineers are or were international STEM students, and a termination of the OPT extension will force large amount of the labor force in those companies to leave US. The tech companies will face great loss of talents and at the same moment those talents will take advantage of what they have learnt in US to create value in their own countries thus undermining the competiveness of the US companies at the same time, meaning doubling the impact.

I think that the 24 months extension is also a proper length for OPT program. Based on my previous work experience, most large research/software development projects would last at least 2 years or more. Meanwhile, the longer OPT time will give international stude