I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the new 24 month-extension of STEM OPT. 

It is unjust, shortsighted and against the interest of American people to deprive international students' legal right to work in US after graduation simply because they are not citizens. 

International students are making huge contributions to this country. Immigrant-founded Fortune 500 companies employed 3.6 million workers around the world in 2011 and were responsible for more than $1.7 trillion in revenues in 2010, according to the Partnership For A New American Economy (http://www.renewoureconomy.org/sites/all/themes/pnae/img/new-american-fortune-500-june-2011.pdf). Most international students work in scientific and technology, and many of them are among the best in their fields. STEM are fields critical for the US to ace at in order to continue its leadership in the world. 

These high-skilled international students have so many choices of where to study and where to work and devote. Countries such as Canada, the United Kingdom, New Zealand, Australia, Malaysia, Taiwan, and China are actively instituting new strategies to attract international students. Why US? A long term of OPT period which providing more practice time is one of the key factors. US will be much less attractive for international students if the OPT extension rule cannot stay intact. 

For example, Canada also recognizes that educational institutions need international students to compete in the global race for research talent. In April, 2008, Canada modified its Post-Graduation Work Permit Program to allow international students who have graduated from a recognized Canadian post-secondary institution to stay and gain valuable post-graduate work experience for a period equal to the length of the student's study program, up to a maximum of three years, with no restrictions on type of employment. This change resulted in a 64% increase in the number of post-graduation work permits issued to international students in 200