I strongly support the improved STEM OPT rule. 

As the current STEM OPT rule was voided by a Federal court a few months ago, hundreds of thousands of foreign workers will be forced departing the country before Feb 12 2016. I can't imaging how this is going to impact the market as a whole. What I can see is that many companies have to expend $$$$ and time looking for people that are able to fulfill these positions. All students who are currently on STEM OPT either accomplished bachelor's or master's degree, and there will be no way to find so many people who are competitive for these jobs in 3 months to stop the market from falling apart. It would be a very hard time for the companies and the entire nation if nothing was done to fix this problem.

Let's take one step back and think about this question -- who made this country? It was the immigrants! Students who come to the states pursuing higher degrees brought new blood to the country. However, they are taking back the advanced knowledge and ideas from the states to other countries if they are sent back immediately after graduation. Isn't it like gradually draining nutrition from a strong giant, which only creates danger of disease and even death! OPT and STEM OPT are here for students to apply the knowledge they learnt into making the country better.

I can see most of the voice against this rule is concerning the foreigners are taking jobs from the Americans. Is it even true? I'd say NO! From my observation, 90% of my coworkers are American citizens. However, I feel we've been treated evenly. We get similar pay, equal opportunity of promotion and I might get fired if I was under qualified for the job. I never feel I get can a job more easily because I'm a foreigner. In the opposite, most of the company has to pay more to afford foreign workers -- H-1B visa, Green card and hiring lawyers and staff taking charge of all these things. I think a large portion of companies are not willing to hire foreigners at all! Pl