This new rule will greatly benefit the American economic growth and local community for the following reasons:

First, the new rule will provide relief for a lot of technology companies who are constantly looking for qualified high-skilled workers, but cannot find qualified skilled workers to meet their needs for innovation. This new rule will potentially allow qualified high-skilled workers to bridge the gap between the employers' demand and the labor market shortage for high-skilled workers.

Second, most international students with STEM degrees work as engineers, researchers, scientists, and entrepreneurs. These jobs have very high and positive impact on the American society. For instance, a large percentage of the technology start-ups in recent years were built by immigrants, who were well-educated international students in the STEM field when first entering US. If the international students with STEM backgrounds cannot obtain practical training experience after graduation in the US, they will go back to their own countries or somewhere else to build the next billion dollar companies in India or China, rather than in the US. This will be a huge loss for America and American people. The government should allow the qualified American-educated international students to gain experience in the US, and contribute to the American society by working for American companies in America.

Third, the direct and indirect economic gain from taxes and spending from more international students is tremendous. It is obvious that in recent years, many booming towns and cities in America are because of the spending power of the incoming international students and their families. For instance, Pittsburgh, was known as an industrial and labor-intensive city half a century ago, is now successfully transformed into a high-tech and most livable city in America. One of the main reasons for the city's growth and prosperity is the ability of local universities and employers to attract inter