I strongly recommend this new policy, Unite State need this new policy for these reasons:
1. The spirit of American. As we all know, the core spirit of American is justice and freedom, but actually for lots of genius people in STEM, they can not own enough of justice and freedom, they show the most talent skills and creation in the world but all afraid to be forced to leave at someday. This is totally non sense. American use their telligence but pay less. This is obey our spirit of justice and freedom.
2.As the most powerful country in the world, American maintains his leadership in economic, computer science, engineer, biology, medicine and so on. But the prosperity of these subjects mainly depend on the talented people who work on them. American now own the most huge number of talented and educated people in these areas, that's why USA is the leader in these ares. But if the policy is not good enough for these high-educated people, they may choose to leave to other countries. USA will loss the talented people and finally, it will harm the whole society in engineering and science. All of these will decline the power of Unite State, if USA lost his leadership in science and engineering, it will cause tremendous consequence in the economic and other aspects of whole society.
3. We notice other countries in whorls built new policies to attract talent and high-educated people in science, engineering and other areas.Europe and China offer a huge benefits to the people who have intelligent skills and education. If at the same time USA do not offer a better policy, it is definitely forced more and more talented people moving to other countries. As the time goes by, it will make other countries have a huge development and shrink the leadership of Unite State.
So, for these reasons, if USA want to maintain his leadership in the whore world, talented people is the most important factor which USA needs to attract, if one day more and more skilled and high-intelligent people c