Aditya Thallapelly A much awaited decision gripping the lives of many international students who are willing to stay away from their homes to gain advancements in the field of study. STEM degree and jobs have been among the top luring subjects for international students to come to USA. The proposed rule to extend STEM OPT EXTENSION to 24-months will help both the students and the government. When higher education degrees are granted to other nationalities, offering jobs in the same country to put use the same valued education is the best bet for the right justice to the degree. 

Apart from the 12-month initial OPT, getting a 24-months extension will help lot of students gain real world experience putting their degrees to the right use where they earned it. If the student decides to continue to apply the earned experience in the right channels that is within the US, applying for another work visa(H1B) would be much more feasible now. Few students struggle to get employed right after college and miss one opportunity to enter the lottery based H1B application system. Even with the most advanced degrees in the field, luck also plays a factor in getting a job or searching for the right opportunities. This 24-month extension will help students apply for H1B lottery twice(in some cases thrice) allowing them to cut down the fear of being out of status. Being unlucky does count in this sense.

The mentoring and training plan will also be a great initiative boosting employer-employee relationship in helping the company grow with the right talents. Advanced degrees are prominent in all fields now and people are leaving no stone unturned. Relevant experience also has its importance but an advanced degree provides better insight on wider growth. Releasing an official document with the participating list of companies willing to hire OPT and STEM OPT students will help majority of the students to align their interests in the right track to gain experience. Graduates with no corporate experience have a lot to gain with this training plan, where one gets to live and work in a real office with real projects and timelines for 3 years of work permit. If need be and the student decides to continue as a worker, they can apply for H1B visa or go for another advanced degree. Ability to chose another higher degree and work another 3 years on another OPT is again a stardom point in this proposed rule.

I hope this proposed rule will increase the amount of full-time jobs in STEM fields, rather than the budget seeking, wavering contract jobs students are kind of forced into. If companies hire students out of college with higher degrees to be put to good use within the country it is a win-win for both of them. It would be great if the process of applying for the remaining term of extension for the already approved 17-month OPT EXTENSION be minimal and fee free. Least a student wants is to be keeping track of his immigration status when all they want is to work, gain experience and earn a daily living.
