Bin Guo I support this proposal from STEM majors has been marking vital contribution to the US economy.

1, There is a huge expansion of IT industry in recent 10 years, increasing needs for technology labor requires more graduate students resources. 
1.1 As you can see, most of the students majored in Computer Science, Electronic Engineering and IT related majors are international students. They will be the major contributing population in the future IT industry development when they graduate. Different from academic positions, international students who got their jobs during the OPT period is legal to work in the US using their knowledge to help the IT company grow and boost the economy in return.
1.2 Companies will pay a huge amount of money in training their new employees. Usually it takes about 12 months for the new employee to get through the first section of training and then have positive contribution to the company. If the international employees only get 12 month of OPT to work (not lucky enough to get H1B visa due to the severe few H1B slots every year.), the drag down resulted in lost of trained employees will cause unnecessary loss for the IT companies.
1.3 Longer OPT time window allows both of the company and employee to have enough time to step in a more stable win-win situation. Reduce pressure for losing their jobs and get deported, the international employees will be more focused on their work. And the companies will get more contribution from the employees.
2, Not limited to IT industry, international students are very competitive in other areas.
2.1 As for myself, I am a geophysicist (seismologist more specific), now the oil industry is experiencing a hard time. Due to the reasons in the section 1, the oil companies are have more discrimination on internationals. Regardless the excellent expertise, almost all oil companies just stops interviewing the internationals in fear of costing more.
2.2 Such situation will cause the industries in all fields to lose more power resulted in diversity. They will only focus on hiring these who have longer-term legal right to work. And this is the opposite direction of global economy.
3, Human resource will be directed to other countries other than the US. Due to the restricted working situation in the US. Many international students who received college and graduate school training (which uses US research and education resources) will use their skills to work and contribute anywhere else that don't have discrimination for their working need.
4, Butterfly effect, if international students just return to their home country without good working experience in the US, they are not very competitive in their home country job market as 10 years ago. Cause the development in many countries such as China, which has most students going to the US for school, the domestic education is getting better. If the international students lost their power in the job market in their own country, there would be a significant decrease in number of students studying overseas. This will also have negative effects on economy in the US. Look at recent report on 11.11 shopping festival in the US leaded by Chinese students. Losing them will simply make economy stimulations like this disappear.
