I strongly support this proposed rule for the following reasons:
1. This proposal will help create more job opportunities for Americans. 
This proposal will help international graduates make contribution to US economy. Better economy can create more jobs in US and improve the overall life quality for Americans. Some may argue that more foreign workers means fewer job opportunities for Americans. However, better economy can create way more jobs for Americans than the jobs taken by foreign workers. If this proposal is not accepted, tens of thousands of international graduates will loss their job opportunities immediately, and even more international students will become hesitate to come to US to contribute to US, which will definitely hurt US economy extensively for a long time. Layoff during depression will lead to more American people loosing their jobs and lead to an unstable society.

2. This proposal will keep US leading in science, engineer, and economy in the world.
Education determines the future of a country. This proposal will attract more talented international students to come to US and improve the education and research level in US. The reason that makes US stand at the top of the world is because the most talented people in every area gather together in US. Having an extended OPT will help those excellent international students have the opportunity to apply what they learn in school to the society of US. This is a strong force to propel the US in science, engineer and economy. On the contrary, if this proposal is not approved, the contribution that the US government paid to the education will not have an opportunity to pay off.

3. This proposal reflect the spirit of America and the future of the world.
What make US the greatest country in the world is that this is the country that gives people equal opportunity no matter your race, your sex, and your origin. This proposal is a perfect reflection of this US spirit, which gives talented people an opportun