Strongly agree with this. The regulation will benefit not only the international students but also the economy and development of United States.

First of all, the Expanded OPT can attract more talented international students to US universities, so that helps improve the diversity of the top universities. Besides, international students usually pay higher tuition which will increase the fund for the university. Also, more international students will foster the the economy in the city of the university by renting apartment and eating in the restaurants.Thus, more working opportunities can be provided.

Second, the Expanded OPT also helps the companies who hire the talented international student. A lot of the projects in the company took longer than 1-2 years. With this extended OPT, companies can find the right person to work on the project until it finishes. 

Third, some views against this regulation like "some companies pay less for the international students so that natives have less opportunities". I agree with this opinion. But what I don't agree is the way to solve this problem. "All men are created equal" is the American spirit which attract talented people around the world to the US. Paying less to an international student is not only unfair for the natives but also unfair for the international students. We should work together to go against this unfair instead of sacrificing one party for the benefits of another party. Besides, as I know, those good companies like Facebook, Google, Amazon(I myself am working at Amazon.), they pay the employee depending on their capabilities not their nationalities. This new regulation includes a lot of restrictions for the company who wants to hire international students, which will prevent the company to take advantage of low pay international students. For example, company have to invest in formal mentorship which increase the cost to hire an international student.

Furthermore, for what Iunderstand, OPT is for a student 