I see a lot of American citizens are commenting in an unreasonable way here. It shows their anger and desperation, and sarcastically most of them are not even STEM. From my experience as an international student, who is educated and have gone through the studying, job hunting and working stages. I know for sure that the companies are indeed having their priority towards American citizens given similar background in the STEM field. Therefore, I have my views of argument as follows.

First, the STEM students, who can only take jobs in the STEM field, are educated and mostly well-supported financially. They will always be the upper middle class wherever in the world they stay anyways. Therefore they have nothing to do with American citizens from non-STEM field, which I'm sure most of the object comments are from, which is unreasonable. 

Second, as far as I know from the job hunting and working environment, still in the STEM field, the American citizens are needless to say much better in presentation in the interviews, and they have a better known background. Most interviewer would know an average American high school or university, but they would only have heard of top 3 universities in another country at most. So the American and non American candidates are not even competing 'equally'. Have the STEM students been protesting about the unspoken rule of this recruiting process? Never. They still work hard and send out hundreds of resumes, and they try to compete with much better grades and hard work.

Third and most importantly, the STEM students have become a major strengths of American IT companies. In other words, they are the exact reason why American IT companies are developing much more rapidly than those in any other countries. This rule, which gives the STEM students a better chance of staying longer and contributing more to this country, is the smartest and most profitable choice of America in comparison to other developed countries. I cannot imagine how many 