A Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for Immigration Studies revealed two shocking takeaways about the OPT program that DHS proposes to expand:

OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.

General Facts About The Optional Practical Training Program (OPT):

The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program.

There are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the U.S. in addition to 98,000 in 12-month OPT programs and 30,000 in 29-month OPT programs. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines the job opportunities for American STEM workers.

OPTs are sought after by employers because they tend to be younger (cheaper) than their American competitors. Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range, but they cost Social Security about $1 billion dollars a year.

Richard Trumpka, President of the AFL-CIO:

"expanding de facto guest worker programs like Optional Practical Training (OPT) - through which employers hire more than 120,000 young college graduates per year who hold F-1 visas - but do not even guarantee that those foreign graduates are paid the minimum wage, let alone the prevailing wage, chase Americans out of computer science and creates a self-fulfilling 'shortage' as Americans respond to a relatively better market as engineers in other fields."
"In 2002, 14.5% of black science and engineering majors chose computer science, versus 11.5% for all Ameri