Zhuan Zhu I STRONGLY SUPPORT this STEM OPT-extension proposal. I am an international STEM graduate student from China. Following are my reasons why this STEM OPT-extension proposal should be approved:

1) When I was choosing the country for my graduate study, I had multiple options like United States, UK, Canada, Australia, Singapore, etc. The most important reason I chose United States is the OPT program for foreign STEM students. I believe that most international students' purpose of studying abroad is to receive good education and industry training. So the OPT-extension is very important for United States to attract foreign STEM students. Without a good OPT policy, I don't think US could still be the most popular destination for international students. It is a fact that highly educated international students are making contributions to this country. So OPT-extension is a win-win policy for both Americans and international students.

2) Regarding the length of OPT, I believe a regular 12 months plus an extended 24 months is a suitable length. According to my discussions with my friends who are doing their OPT programs in US technology companies, most of the projects they are doing require a period longer than two years. The result of a short OPT duration is that foreign STEM workers will not be able to finish a complete industry training program, and it is also really bad for their companies. Hence, I think a 24 months OPT extension will prove itself as a wise decision.

3) The most common point I saw in those negative comments is that US citizens will lose their jobs because of international STEM students. In my opinion, it is totally a misunderstanding. As I mentioned in my first reason, the purpose I came to US is to receive better education and industry training, not "stealing" Americans' jobs. I was born and raised in China, and I will eventually go back to China after I receive the education and training I need. 

In conclude, I support the STEM OPT extension proposal since it will benefit both the United States and international students.
