Yet another way to dilute American talent, put Americans in competition for post graduate openings and then continue it into the work place. America needs work for its own people. Few if any other countries would be so foolish. The "skills shortage" is just another word for diluting professional standards of living to transfer wealth to the very top economic elite who show no loyalty whatsoever to this country, and hostility to the interests of its citizens. The proposal is yet again creation of scab labor by another name.

There are plenty of foreign students to give cultural "seasoning" to American academic life. More foreign students and less American students who can afford an education in this country in competition with foreign students is not in this country's interest. We are heading to a foreign technical elite running the technical life of this country which to no small degree is already underway. This is a foreign technical elite that has proven very adept at transferring more and more American jobs or what once might have been American jobs back to their country of origin. Certainly American students studying in their countries to take their local jobs would never, ever be tolerated.

Americans wanting to participate in the advanced skill job market will be increasing forced to seek cheaper education outside of the US, completely reversing what should be considered desirable. Ever more marginally funded public State schools look for the big bucks from foreign students rather than catering first to their citizens. This program will take one more step towards converting every public institution of higher learning into a private school for the global elite.

Increasingly the current generation of young males seeing what is happening have simply become discouraged and dropped out of advanced education altogether. More and more they are missing in action. Thus there is an increasing crisis of diversity in American education, namely the dwindling number of mal