I feel sad to see the comments and descriptions like "foreign invader", "job taker", "go home" etc because those word are so different from my understanding of the "American dream". 

It is human nature to escape competition for their own interest. So it is understandable that some US people would against this proposal to avoid competition. Actually, I also believe a proposal like "New York job only for New Yorker", though absurd, would gain a lot of support from New York people, especially for the immature and less educated job seeker, for the same reason.

However, if we view the problem from a broader angle, i.e. not just from emotional or personal interests, clearly the problem would show an entirely different situation.

I strongly support this proposal for the following three reasons.

(1): The OPT program is one of the key factor to the technology leadership of US.
The big reason that US can be the leader in global technology in past century is that it can attract the talented people all over the world. Losing the legal right for foreign student to work would no doubt have extremely negative impact on this. And without such attraction to the talented people, it is just a matter of time that US would lose the current leadership in technology. 

(2): The OPT program provides countless economic contribution in many aspects

The OPT program greatly helped the US education industry and all its related industries in the past 10 years, and provide countless job opportunities for US citizens, including the teaching, house renting, transportation. Without polices like OPT-extensions, countless US citizens would lost their job and have to suffer from lower income. I actually wonder what do the protectionist really cares? The right of the US citizen, or just their own interests.

(3): The OPT program actually increase the average income, not decrease.

One common assumptions of protectionist is that if the proposal passes, the high-tech companies would only hire the for