This comment is in response to DHS Docket No. ICEB-2015-0002. Firstly, I am a supporter of the OPT STEM extension. As a DSO, I have witnessed the value international students receive when given the opportunity to enhance their skills in their degree area. Many international students pay thousands of dollars for an education in the U.S. According to Open Doors 2014, the majority of international students use personal funds to fund their education in the U.S. Moreover, according to NAFSA, international students contributed $26.8 billion dollars to the U.S. economy for the 2013-2014 year. Benefits are necessary to continue to attract international students to the U.S., and their contribution to the U.S. economy. In regards to V. B. STEM Extension Period for OPT: While I understand the usefulness of a 24 month STEM extension for students and employers, I have concerns on whether this time frame fits within the spirit of current F-1 immigration regulations. The F-1 visa category is a non-immigrant category whose purpose is study. The only time requirement to be enrolled full-time before Post-Completion OPT leading to OPT STEM extension, is one academic year. There are some STEM eligible Masters programs that last one academic year. Under this new regulation, a student will come to the U.S. to study for 1 academic year and work/train for 3 years total (OPT then OPT STEM Extension). While a PhD or Bachelors student would spend a majority of time under the F-1 visa enrolled in school rather than OPT/OPT STEM Extension, a Masters student would not. I would suggest lengthening the required years of study, to be eligible for OPT STEM extension or making the time allowed for STEM extension OPT dependent on the length of the program (for example J-1 students academic training is no longer than their program). V.D. Mentoring and Training: While I am concerned/weary of the added responsibility to DSOs, I believe the addition of a Training program would be beneficial to the educati