Sagar Patel Dear DHS,

I would like to submit the following comments in response to the Proposed Rule "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students", published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015 for F1 students.

I am in full support of the new STEM Extension Proposed Rule.
I am currently working with a reputed financial company based on the STEM Extension Program.

Providing STEM Extension opportunity will help students to acquire very important practical experience and become skilled professionals which they cannot obtain otherwise. They could work and learn in worry free environment with this work authorization. Existing students who have invested a fortune in their studies are under tremendous pressure with the news of this rule being under threat.

People of United States are under a wrong misconception that the STEM Extension program is the way for American companies to get cheap labor and replace the American Workers. The real threat to the American workers is caused by the thousands of fraudulent consulting companies that try to find loop-holes in the Immigration and Work Authorization system of the United States and then find ways to provide cheap labor to the companies. Implementing proper rules and regulations would help to stop such fraudulent companies from exploiting the work privileges provided by this great country.

On the contrary, the students pursing the STEM Extension Work Authorization are highly educated and skilled professionals who bring their talent to this country. United States is one of the biggest technological hub which keeps growing everyday as companies need thousands of such skilled workers every year. 
The STEM Extension program would help to satisfy this need and allow both natives and international students to work in harmony. Jobs for the right candidates would be reserved. 

I would like to conclude that I support the STEM extension program and ask you to provide some temporary provision for the students so that they do not lose their current work authorization if by any chance the rule gets delayed from being effective on the February 12, 2016 deadline.

God bless USA. 
