Feng Gao At the very beginning, I think all people should give a glance at the reality in most of the top universities in the US. In majors such as Science, Technology, Engineering and Math of the universities, most of the students are foreigners, especially at graduate level. Why? As we all known, STEM are such subjects that requires for very hard working study and patience. But, unfortunately, lots of young native are not willing to study in these subjects. As the result, the foreigners replace them.

Then, we need to look at another fact, the industry. The US keeps leading the world by its ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY, which is contributed by the industry and academic. The demand of STEM talents of industry and academic is extremely high. But, as mentioned above, most of the STEM students are international students. So, it is obvious that without those students from STEM majors, it would make huge damage to the industry, which means that it would jeopardize the leading place of US in the world.

In addition, foreigners make incredible contribution to US. Let us look at some examples. The CEO of Microsoft, Satya Nadella is from India. Jen Hsun Huang, the founder of Nvidia, was from Taiwan. Theodore von Krmn, a great scientist and engineer in astronomy, grew in Hungary. Even though one of the greatest scientist ever, Albert Einstein, came from Germany. There are so many excellent foreigners who are devoting themselves in America, which propels the innovation of the science and technology of US. Why some people always want to expel those geniuses. 

Finally, the USA is a great country which is consists of immigrants. Most of the people who are living in America now, is the offsprings of the early immigrants. John F. Kennedy's great grandfather was from Ireland. If his great grandfather did not come to America or the natives expel his great grandfather away from America, the US would lost a great politician and president. 

So, please give fair and opportunities to foreigners.
