Cloris Wang I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed 24 Months STEM OPT Extension rule. I strongly SUPPORT the extension rule. Here are my list of reasons:
1.The application of OPT extension is beneficial to the domestic consumption. According to The Daily Caller news (http://dailycaller.com/2015/09/04/number-of-international-students-in-the-us-up-nearly-10-percent-in-2015/) and the report by US Immigration and Customs Enforcement, the number of International students in the U.S is huge and has been increasing for recent years. Among all the fields, more than 400,000 students are majoring in Science, Technology, Engineering and Mathematics fields (STEM), which is the largest field of study in the international student group. Those students brings a great positive economic impact. NAFSAs latest analysis shows that international students contributed $30.5 Billion to the US. If the OPT Extension rule is turned down, US will lose huge attraction to International students coming to study, because they will not have opportunity to apply what theyve learnt to the workplace and not get what they deserve. Imagine the number of students, especially STEM students to be decreasing for the next few years. Not only will US lose the direct income (tuition, expenses by students, etc.), but the States will be affected by the long term impacts, which I will explain in the next paragraph.
2.Let us think about the reason why there are so many international students in STEM degrees in the first place. Thats because, first, there are not as many native taking STEM degrees as they do in other fields, and two, among those native who obtain a STEM degree, a portion of them are not skillful or qualified enough to get into the STEM field in the workplace. As stated by the Daily Caller, immigrants in the States are responsible for creating more than 40% of the current Fortune 500 companies, especially such technology companies as Google, Facebook, and SanDisk etc. If we are taking the OPT Extension away, how can we make up the loss of labor in those STEM fields that the current US population cannot feed? Furthermore, according to the US Department of Education, the job market will be increasing in several STEM fields in 2010-2020 with an increase rate of about 14%- 62%. Thus, OPT Extension will not reduce the number of job opportunities for Americans, but contribute to the development of STEM fields and make up the shortage of native labor in the next few years.
3.On the contrary, a large amount of the current unemployed people are blue-collar men and veterans. The fact of those people losing their jobs mainly results from domestic Industrial upgrading and elimination of outdated production capacity. Even if OPT Extension does not apply, those people cannot fill up the STEM job openings. We cannot have OPT extension policy to take the blame for the current unemployment situation.
In short, OPT Extension Policy will only benefit American Economy and provide positive impacts on the society. Please implement the rule ASAP.
