Xiao Xiong I am supporting the new OPT extension rule. I think it will benefit US economy a lot.

1. The new rule will be beneficial to high tech companies like Google, Apple, Amazon and also start-up companies. STEM innovation, a key driver of national economic growth, has increased significantly the global demand for STEM talent. International STEM students contributes through research, innovation, and the provision of knowledge and skills that help maintain and grow increasingly important sectors of the U.S. economy. The OPT extension will help to meet the increasing demand for STEM workers. According to a report by the Information Technology & Innovation Foundation in 2010, the number of STEM graduates will have to increase by 20-30% by 2016 to meet the projected growth of the US economy. Overall, STEM employment grew three times more than non-STEM employment over the last twelve years, and is expected to grow twice as fast by 2018. Imported talent is necessary to meet increasing demand for STEM skills. Engaging students in science, technology, engineering and math fields has emerged as a national priority not just for the nations educational system, but also for the economy. The U.S. Presidents Council of Advisors on Science and Technology predicts that in the next decade, U.S. will need approximately 1 million more STEM professionals than it will produce at current rate. Currently, only about 300,000 graduates obtain bachelor and associate degrees in STEM fields every year. In order to create this new workforce of 1 million additional STEM experts, that number needs to increase by 100,000 annually. Both Barack Obama and Mitt Romney supported the Act during their campaigns, recognizing that foreign STEM students are job-creators. A recent University of California-Berkeley and Duke University study found that 25% of engineering and tech companies set up in the US between 1995 and 2005 had at least one foreign-born founder. The benefits to US workers are obvious. According to a 2011 report by the American Enterprise Institute and the Partnership for a New American Economy, every foreign-born worker with a STEM degree creates an average 2.6 extra jobs for native-born workers. High-tech companies especially start-up companies relies on international STEM workers. If the new rule cannot pass, hundreds of thousands STEM workers have to leave U.S within one year. It is expected that there will be a huge shortage for STEM related labor and many start-up companies will go bankrupt. It would be a disaster for US economy.

2. The new rule will make US educational institutes more attractive and benefit the local economy. Many international students who majored in STEM come to study in United States not only because of the excellent education qualities but also the good opportunities of practicing and working. Cancelling the OPT extension will definitely make US less attractive. Those students may go to study in other countries such as Canada, Australia, UK or Singapore. By contrast, if this new rule could pass, more international students would like to choose US as their first choice for further education. The growth in international students coming to the U.S. for higher education would have a significant positive economic impact on the United States. It would contribute to the local economic growth and bring more job opportunities in the local communities. It is reported that, international students and their families at universities and colleges supported 340,000 jobs contributed more than $27 billion to the U.S. economy, according to the U.S. Department of Commerce. The tuition and fees from international students will also help to meet the deficit of US universities.
