I am a foreign national currently working under the STEM OPT 17 month extension. I got my masters degree in Engineering from a large public university. I learnt a great deal during my schooling in the US and had the good fortune to be taught by world renowned scientists. 

I remember towards the end of my degree, I along with few other grad students and post-docs were attending a meeting to review recent research results from a visiting professors lab. We had unending questions about the results and were politely but relentlessly questioning the visiting professor. My professor proudly pointed to us and said to the visiting professor "look at how critical these young researchers are of the material you presented, they don't accept the material at face value and have learned to think like scientists". I realized at that moment that slowly, without even realizing it, under the careful, critical and tireless tutelage of my professors, my mind had finally opened and begun to process information like a scientists' should. 

After graduating, I applied for the OPT visa and started working at a company that manufactures very complex scientific equipment. My master's thesis was based on this equipment and this role provided me the opportunity to understand more about the physics, applications and inner workings of this technology. 

I know for a fact that I had not displaced any US citizens by taking up my current job and this position was open for months before I applied and was hired. 

My educational background, engineering skills and aptitude have proven to be very valuable for the company I work for and I have been a highly contributing employee thus far. I have had very supportive and experienced mentors who have continuously trained and guided me. I have learnt more working alongside my fellow engineers than I could have learnt in a university setting. 

Moreover many of the soft skills that I picked up at my job are the foundation of having a successful lifelong car