I am happy to hear that the OPT extension will be extended to 24 months.It will both benefits me and US a lot. 

First, OPT extension itself is necessary to allow F-1 student enough time to sharpen their skills and benefit US. Without extension, I only have 12 months to stay in US. This means once I am familiar with the work, my deadline is just there. Once I am ready to create more value for US, I have to leave. Of course, I can apply for H-1 B to stay longer. But, I will graduate this December 2015 and if I want to stay in US after that 12 month, the best way is to find a job with H-1 B sponsor before April 2016(Because there is only one chance to be selected in H1B every year), and I only have one chance with 12 month. This means I only have 3 months to find such job after my graduation and if I fail to find the sponsored job before April, I do not have any extra chance to apply for H1B. This might have several consequences. First, I might not have motivation to work so hard for that company, because I know it does not matter how hard I work, I can not work for that company longer once my OPT is due. Second, the company need to waste a lot of money hiring new people and training them. The thing needs to be pointed out is that these new hired people might also be F-1 students, and thus it is a bad cycle for the company because once the new people is ready for the work, they might need to go because of limited OPT. Therefore, if OPT is short, both students and companies can be in an unstable situation, this is not good for the US economy. 

Second,24-months extension is better than 17 month extension. The objective of OPT Extension is to allow most intelligent , most skillful ,and most useful student have opportunity to stay in US sharpen their skills and devote to US. Then why not giving these satisfied students more time? If they are not good enough, they will be eliminated naturally;but if they are good, why not being more generous to them and giving them more t