Muyun Chen I strongly SUPPORT this proposal.
STEM OPT extension is a great attractiveness of U.S.A for international student compared with Europe and Australia. If STEM OPT extension doesn't exist, I believe a enormous number of international students will choose other countries to study abroad. This will be a great loss for U.S., for many reasons.
First, we should realize that international students are actually hugely stimulating U.S. local economy. International students usually come from well-off families. Their daily expenses can hugely stimulate local economy and service industry, and can produce more job opportunities for local people. According to NAFSA's latest economic analysis, international students and their families created or supported 340,000 jobs and contributed $26.8 billion to the U.S. economy during the 2013-2014 academic year. For every 7 international students enrolled, 3 U.S. jobs are created or supported by spending occurring in the following sectors: higher education, accommodation, dining, retail, transportation, telecommunications, and health insurance. See the attached report, and also this link: http://wenr.wes.org/2015/02/international-student-mobility-trends-2015-an-economic-perspective/.
Second, international students are actually playing an important role in U.S. science research and technology development. According to data from the National Center for Education Statistics, international students earned 56.9% of doctoral degrees in engineering; 52.5% of doctoral degrees in computer and information sciences; and 50% of doctorates in mathematics and statistics. (http://www.pewresearch.org/fact-tank/2015/06/18/growth-from-asia-drives-surge-in-u-s-foreign-students/). Universities need international students to do these science research. High tech companies like Google, Facebook need these international students as their employees. Hiring an international student is expensive than hiring a local, because companies need to apply H1B visa for him or her. If there are enough local STEM students, why these companies choose international student? The only reason is that U.S.A really lacks local people in STEM major. If international STEM students go to other country, it must be a great loss for U.S.A. To keep U.S.A being the science and technology lead over the world, U.S.A cannot lose these international students.
Third, from education perspective, the diversity of students will definitely benefit U.S. local students. See the study of Duke university: http://today.duke.edu/2013/06/internationalengage. "As the number of international students on U.S. college campuses continues to grow, their American classmates who actively interact with them are not only learning about foreign cultures but also enhancing their own self-confidence, leadership, quantitative skills and other abilities long after they graduate, according to a new Duke University study of alumni from several universities."
In conclusion, international STEM students play an important role in U.S.A's economy, science, technology and education. Without the STEM OPT extension, U.S.A will lose it's greatest attractiveness. I SUPPORT STEM OPT extension.
