Julie Wilbers Dear Katherine Westerlund,

I am commenting in response to the notice of proposed rulemaking published at 80 Federal Register 63375 (October 19, 2015): Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics (STEM) Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Foreign Students.

I was pleasantly surprised to see that DHS not only acted so quickly to draft new proposed regulations, but also recognized the benefits that our foreign students bring to the U.S. in terms of direct spending, cultural diversity, diversity of perspectives, as well as the innovative ideas that foreign nationals have developed and implemented over the years in this country. Working with foreign students and scholars on a daily basis allows me to see these benefits directly and immediately, but I was very pleased to see this recognized by DHS in the preamble of this notice. We would not be the nation we are today without the contributions of non-immigrants and immigrants alike, and that is a statement that if uttered by itself may be supported in theory, but not directly by real initiatives or law. Thank you for taking the time to make this a priority and for going against some popular American sentiment that foreigners do not belong in our country, which could not be more erroneous or hypocritical. 

I highly support the new proposed rule extending STEM optional practical training (OPT) to 24 months. I believe that this new rule helps distribute the requirements among all participants, including not just the schools, but also the students and employers. I am in favor of protecting American workers by ensuring that students on STEM OPT are receiving the same or similar working conditions as U.S. workers. I did want you to define U.S. workers more clearly. Is a U.S. worker anyone who is a U.S. permanent resident or U.S. citizen, or does that also include refugees/asylees, or any other group? 

This new rule should open up possibilities for students and employers, but I also think that it will increase the attractiveness of U.S. universities for foreign students. Many of our prospective students are very aware of the particulars of any benefits they would be eligible for while in F-1 status, and having the opportunity to participate in a mentored practical training opportunity for up to 36 months after graduation would be an enticing incentive to study in the U.S., as opposed to any other country. Of course, I have to mention that Congress needs to act on increasing the number of H-1B visas available to employers subject to the cap, as approximately one fourth of employers are able to get H-1B visas to employ individuals in specialized occupations due to this cap. However, Im assuming that DHS is very aware of this problem. 

I would like to see DHS expand OPT opportunities for students in non-STEM fields as well, as the students contributions in the arts, humanities, business, social sciences, and professional health fields are undervalued and represent a significant missed opportunity. They bring diverse perspectives to these fields that are often dominated by Western or American ways of thinking. I suggest that the OPT period for these students be expanded to 24 months. 

As a DSO, the proposed increased reporting and evaluation requirements seem daunting. We are strapped for resources as it is, and have to focus most or all of our time on compliance. I recommend that DHS specify what level of review DSOs will have that is appropriate for the Mentoring and Training Plan. We can by no means become experts in each area of STEM education or the practical application of such study. We can review the forms for completeness, but the responsibility for the accuracy and veracity of the Mentoring and Training Plan must fall to the employer and the student. Responsibility for detecting any fraud and ensuring compliance with the Mentoring and Training Plan should fall to DHS. In order to implement our new reporting requirements, we will need immediate functionality in SEVIS that is clearly supported by SEVP.

Thank you again for the opportunity to comment and take these comments into consideration when drafting the final rule. 

Julie

Julie Wilbers, Senior International Services Specialist
International Student & Scholar Services
University of Colorado Denver | Anschutz Medical Campus
