Meredith Jackowsky Companies don't want to hire Americans, and they abuse {H-1B} and OPT to hire cheap immigrant labor, instead of hiring any American over the age of 35, especially in software or tech areas. Furthermore, current American workers (such as those who work for Disney, among other companies) are being forced to train the H-1B immigrants that will replace them--although these immigrants are not more qualified than the Americans that they replace, and in many cases, are less qualified than the American workers that they replace. The original intent of the H-1B visa was to allow American companies to hire qualified immigrant workers if there were no qualified American workers available, but this visa has been abused, and continues to be abused, by those companies that put profits ahead of everything else. 

A Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for Immigration Studies revealed two shocking takeaways about the OPT program that DHS proposes to expand:

1) OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
2) OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.

General Facts About The Optional Practical Training Program (OPT):

The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned, but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U. S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. DHS's proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program.

There are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the U. S., in addition to 98,000 in 12-month OPT programs and 30,000 in 29-month OPT programs. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines the job opportunities for American STEM workers.

OPTs are sought after by employers because they tend to be younger (cheaper) than their American competitors. Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of U. S. workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range, but they cost Social Security about $1 billion dollars a year.

Expanding this program will enable companies to hire cheap foreign labor at the expense of American workers and students.
