Yuxiang Ren I hope this new OPT extension rule can pass!!! I'm a computer science master student from China. I worked for IBM several years in china. Before I decided to pursue my master degree, I had many options just like still working on china or pursue my master degree in other countries like Canada, Australia and British. But finally I chose us. The most important reason is US could provide me the industry training opportunity during school or after graduation. I can get the high quality education in British or Canada as ell, but working experience is more precious, especially for STEM, many things can not achieved in class. Without this OPT extension rule, I can't believe US could still attract so many foreign STEM talents every year to contribute their knowledge to this country and I will recommend my friends to achieve their in British because its time is shorter. If this rule is terminated by some reasons, it's definitely a huge disaster to most US high-tech companies, like Google, Apple, Intel, IBM etc. Because they are supported by foreign STEM talents. We will create huge wealth for us and we can get valuable working experience as well, Such a great rule! 
I think that 12 months regular + 24 months extension time is also a good length for OPT program. Based on my previous work experience at IBM, most large software development projects would last at least 2 years or more like Emptoris. If the OPT extension time is too short, no work can finished within such short time!
At last, I want to say that as the only one child in my family, I would return back China eventually. I love my country and my parents, when they get older, I must go back! Before then, I'd like to apply my knowledge learned from US university to US high-tech industry development. If I have about 3 years work experience in US, I would be competitive in China. I believe many people like me will take working experience achieved from the US back to China and have a good life then may contribute to development of both US and China.

Hope more people support this good rule!Please!
