This proposed rule is to replace the current 17-month STEM OPT extension with a 24-month extension. I strongly support this expansion proposal on talented OPT F-1 STEM students for the following reasons:

1.STEM F-1 students who are on their OPT period mostly are young people at their 20s. An extension on OPT will give those young people more time and opportunities to practice in the real working environment with the academic knowledge learnt on campus. With the Americas equal opportunity and liberty spirit, regardless of students nationalities, a nation should care about the young generation, since they are among the base of working labor and can help build a solid and strong working and economic society.

2.STEM F-1 students who are on their OPT period are still possessing NON-immigration status in U.S. This proposal is not directly increasing the number of immigrants or the possibility of becoming immigrants. The extension of OPT period is only to provide more time for students who just graduate from American higher education institutes to practice. If they want to change into immigration status, they need to go through H1B or green card process, whose requirements are not changed through this proposal. And both of the two ways are still very limited, restricted and difficult for non-qualified foreign students to apply and being approved. So this proposal will not directly affect the immigration policy. 

3.An extension on OPT is only an extension on the time when F-1 students are eligible to work within U.S. F-1 students OPT can be maintained only if they find major-related job within 3 month of the start day of OPT (the latest start date of OPT is 60 days after completing degree requirements, so they are all fresh graduates). Or they shall lose the temporary permit of working and living authority. Also if F-1 students are under unemployed situation for a cumulated 90 days, the OPT will be invalid too. Thus, this OPT extension proposal is not affecting whether a