Twyla Tranfaglia OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds. The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., illegally, and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines the job opportunities for American STEM workers. Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range, but they cost Social Security about $1 billion dollars a year.

Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa (in a letter to President Obama):
"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 years - the same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be valid - there is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, IN VIOLATION OF CONGRESSIONAL INTENT."

The proposed regulations are "irresponsible and dangerous considering the Government Accountability Office (GAO) report issued in March 2014 finding that the program was full of inefficiencies, susceptible to fraud, and that the Department was not adequately overseeing it."
"The report also found a MAJOR NATIONAL SECURITY ISSUE in that the Department does not know where tens of thousands of foreign students are living and working in the country. The GAO said that 'ICE cannot fully ensure foreign students working under optional practical training are maintaining their legal status in the United States.'"

"OPT is meant to be a temporary training program, not as a bridge to a longer-term work visa or a way for employers to hire cheaper foreign labor in lieu of Americans." The proposed rule effectively "requires employers and universities to engage in unlawful immigration status discrimination."

If the U.S. indeed "needs" the foreign students to remedy a STEM labor shortage, why do these students need training?

If workers with such training are indeed needed, why won't these special mentoring programs be open to Americans?
LARGE COMPANIES can legally save lots of money by hiring foreign workers -- much cheaper, than the Americans they replace. "Not only will this artificially expand the domestic labor pool by hundreds of thousands, but 100 percent of the new recrui ts will be young and therefore cheap, and almost guaranteed to neither unionize nor get poached from competitors (because their 'student' visas will be tied to their employers)." Because these workers are still technically 'students,' they won't have to pay payroll taxes, saving the company around $10,000 for each of the three years they're in the program."

IT IS TIME THE ADMINISTRATION IN THIS COUNTY WHO BY THE WAY GETS PAID BY TAX DOLLARS CONTRIBUTED BY AMERICAN CITIZENS PROTECT AMERICAN CITIZENS IN THIS COUNTRY. THIS PROPOSED RULE IS A TRAVESTY AND TOTALLY UNNEEDED AND IT COSTS TAXPAYERS WHO PAY YOUR SALARY BILLIONS.

Hopefully one day we will be able to get a President in this country who will cut your jobs and your salaries so you will not be able to propose any more of these ridiculous rules.
Thanks very much.
