Yuchen Hua I strongly support this new rule. 

Firstly, this is not a threat to American workers. As many U.S. university students may know, the number of companies that hire U.S. citizens/green cards only are much, much larger than that of companies that are willing to hire international students. If you go to the university career fairs, you will see that companies that are willing to hire international students typically have extremely long lines compared to companies that hire U.S. citizens/green cards only. The flooding of international students into U.S. job market does exist, but the concern is not reasonable, as it only occurs in some certain, but not all, global companies.

Secondly, many companies have programs/projects that last at least two years. One year is certainly not enough for a college graduate to contribute to the company, maybe only sufficient for training. If a company spends money and time in training a well competent new employee, but can only keep him/her for one year or even less before he/she has to depart the U.S., it will be a big loss for the company in terms of finance as well as for the employee in term of career development.

Thirdly, I myself is on 17 month OPT extension and I am working for an engine company until June 2016 according to my current employment authorization. If the OPT extension is revoked in Feb 2016, that will be a challenge to the integrity of USCIS/DHS as well as a big loss to my company as the program I am responsible for is running hot.

Competition exists everywhere, but from my experience in attending a U.S. university and being a teaching assistant three years back, U.S. citizens generally have greater advantage and face milder competition than international students in applying for graduate school programs of accredited universities and job hunting. So the fear of international students' competition and taking all jobs is not well-grounded. The U.S. is a country with diversity, and competent people should have the freedom to stay wherever they want and get what they deserve. The new rule is consistent to that spirit. So I wholeheartedly support this new rule.
