Shizhao Su I strongly SUPPORT this proposal.
I am a PhD candidate working on extractive metallurgy, a subject within the STEM fields. I would like to address the importance of this proposal based on my personal experience. Right now I am working on a project funded by the Advanced Research Projects Agency - Energy (ARPA-E). The span of this project is three years. I'm working on the project while expecting to finish my PhD degree within one year. After my graduation, both the Principal Investigator of this project and me expect that I would continue to work on this project as a postdoctoral researcher using my OPT and my STEM OPT extension. It is common in the STEM area that a research project would last for three years. The STEM OPT extension leave sufficient time for researchers to finish their project. All these advanced research projects require particular skill sets and deep knowledge on a specific topic, usually one would need to search all around the world to hire a suitable researcher.
And to all people who oppose this proposal, NO, we are not illegals and we are not taking jobs from Americans. Hiring a foreign researcher in any institution requires more paperwork and authorization. And all researchers of the same level get paid the same. This is just common sense in the field of scientific research. The only reason that an institute would hire an international student instead of a US citizen is because it's already hard to find a recent PhD graduate specialized in a very specific topic when searching all around the world. It's nearly impossible if any institution only hire US citizens. And let's face it, over 50% of STEM PhD students in the US are international students, we are already the majority work force in the scientific research field. I can't think of a reason why we constrain us from carry out our research.
If this proposal is rejected, my project would be left hanging in the third year. This would really jeopardize the project, which the Department of Energy has invested a lot of time and resources. (This is a $4M project over three year.) 
America has always been excel in scientific research for the past hundred year. One of the most important reasons for that is America has the atmosphere to attract young bright scientists around the world to conduct their research in the US. I'm really disappointed when a lot of people opposing this proposal use the poor analogy to compare us with cheap labor illegal immigrants trying to take low paying jobs from Americans. They don't understand the difference between immigrants and non-immigrant student. They don't understand the difference between a temporary internship position OPT would provide and a permanent job position which requres working visa (H1B).
