I strongly SUPPORT the proposal of 24 months STEM OPT extension. The reasons are as following:

1. There is no doubt that a working class with high education is good for any society. It is also true for the United States of American. Well educated people bring extra values to the whole country by contributing expertise and intellectual properties. Most importantly, knowledge does not discriminate against nationalities. It doesn't change the value a person may contribute by the place he or she was born. All the STEM students are with college degrees, master degrees and some with PhD degrees. They are specially trained for years in certain field. No one can deny the power of education.

2. US is lack of working forces in the industries who need STEM students, especially for high-tech companies. There are not enough US citizens to work for a job that requires expertise in computer science, math, science, engineering and other technologies. International STEM students is a very good solution to this problem. Just simply look at the number of employers who used to be international students in silicon valley, people would know how important to give international STEM students the chance to work in the US.

3. 12 months OPT is not enough for most of the STEM students. Once you graduate, there is time between you graduate and start the job, usually several months. The time to apply for H1(the working visa) starts from April every year and the process also takes several months. A 12 month OPT basically means that every international STEM students only has at most one chance for getting the working visa. Since there has been an increasing number of applicants in the past two to three years, without the extension, a large portion of them have to leave the country a year after the graduation. This is not fair, and definitely not the ideal scenario for the country.

I am currently a STEM student and working towards my PhD degree. I would like to have the opportunity to return to