Of course, I support this proposed rule because it has huge benefit for both US and international students. 
On one side, US tech companies rely on international students to create values, which bring more revenue and then be converted to tax for IRS. And this tax would benefit each US citizens here. For example, each year, h1b holders pay more than 27%, and often more than 30% of their salary to the federal, and even more to the federal and the state. This money is used in increasing the medical and other welfare of American people. On the other side , for international students, they can apply the knlowledge they have learned to the real-world industry. 
I saw many negative comments are have something in common. First,they are really afraid that US citizens will lose their jobs in all the industries. Second, they believe that minimum wages cannot get raised because international students. I have different opinions with them.
First, the proposed rule is only for international students in STEMP major in US. and they can only work in tech industry during OPT. If they don't do so, it will be illegal. Second, in many cases, US citizens cannot meet the needs of the US tech industry. Of course, US tech companies absolutely prefer US citizens over international students if they have the same capability skills because international students needs sponsor from their companies.Third, international students have nearly nothing to do with the minimum wage. Almost all international students obtain their OPT in order to get an H1B visa, which requires the worker to meet a minimum salary standard that is far higher than the minimum wage level. For example, the minimum hourly pay standard for H1b holder is $24.16 in Albany, NY, and NY state has a minimum wage limit of $9.00. This is not even near! In fact, an international student needs about 3 times the salary of the minimum pay to stay in the US, and the payment is usually far higher than this because they usually work on compar