I write with the guarded, and probably unfounded optimism, that our government will represent its constituents concerning this matter. My understanding of the many immigration enforcement-related rulings against the various states, have been supported by the opinion that "Immigration is under the exclusive purview of Congress." So, I am baffled by the various extra-judicial decrees made by this, and the former Chief Executive, concerning immigration.

My calculations show that extending STEM foreign-student status into a quasi-permanent immigration program (OPT = 3 years, H-1B = 6 years, AC21 extension = indefinite), will cause a 175.5 Billion dollar casualty to citizens and permanent residents in the form of shortening the useful lifespan of their STEM career.

Data from the National Science Foundation (1995 to 2004) indicates that an average of 389,818 Science & Engineering bachelors degrees (a sub-sector of STEM) were conferred to citizens and permanent-residents. The Bureau of Labor Statics (BLS) reports that in 2005, STEM employment levels were at 5,228,040. With the aforementioned degree production, the entire STEM employment sector can be entirely replaced with citizen and permanent-resident S&E graduates in 13.41 years. 

Using S&E undergraduate degree production is an entirely fair proxy for estimating the talent vs. demand equilibrium because many STEM fields do not require science degrees and many Technical professions only require one or two year certificates. Thus, we have established that the average lifespan of a STEM career in the United States is 13.41 years and the BLS reports that the average salary for STEM occupations was $64,560.00 in 2005.

Turning to the National Science Foundation's data for S&E degrees conferred to nonresident aliens for the same period, we find that an average of 15,823 undergraduate degrees were conferred from (1995 to 2004). [1] Factoring these foreign nationals into the degree production vs. employment levels, reduces t