I strongly support the new regulations of OPT extension. There are six strong reasons to approve the regulation.

First, international STEM students have contributed significantly to both US economies and American people through tuition and living expenses during their study in US. The OPT extension is a big attraction for international students to invest the education in US instead of Europe, Australia, Canada, and many other countries. International STEM students spend their own money and contribute to US economy, which is the best business around the world and in history. Without OPT extension, less international students will come to US, which could seriously reduce job opportunities for the American people who make money from international students. Besides, US would reduce and even lose the leadership in education without the OPT extension.

Second, international STEM students have greatly contributed to the US technologies development. There is only a small fraction of US students who would like to pursue STEM major. Without qualified international STEM students, US research would be slowed down, and be caught up with by other countries. Providing OPT extension is a great way to attract qualified international students.

Third, international STEM students have contributed significantly to US high-tech companies during their OPT and OPT extension period. There is not enough number of US citizens and permanent residents that meet the requirements of high-tech companies. As we all know, US high-tech companies lead the technology all over the world. International STEM students are strong thrust for the leadership. Without the OPT extension period, the trained STEM students would contribute to other countries, which are competitors of US technologies.

Forth, science and technology cannot be developed in one day or one year. For example, National Science Foundation usually allows a 3-year period for the research to be funded. A STEM graduate who just receives his/