Tracy Fu I STRONGLY SUPPORT OPT STEM extension. As an F1 student majoring in electrical engineering, I had internship experience at Dell Inc. in the past summer and Im planning to go back for full-time after I graduate next year. As someone who has both education experience and STEM-field working experience in the United States, I have a very solid understanding of the importance of OPT STEM extension. Here are my reasons on both technical and education fields:

For the technical industry
During my internship at Dell, I took charge of a very important research project because of my proficient technical skills. I managed to finish a crucial part of the project before the internship duration ended and I came back to college to continue study. My manager asked me to go back to Dell after I graduate to keep working on this project. This is not a short-term research and it cant be finished within one year. If not given the extra 24 months of OPT STEM extension, I would have to leave the project unfinished, which will cause a big loss to the company. I believe Im not the only case here. There are tens of thousands of engineers in the technical industry working on important research projects, and we are the huge group of people who make up a very important part of the US technical world. Once the OPT extension cancelled, all of the skilled foreign workers would have to leave without finishing work. It would be detrimental to the US technical world.

For the US education system
As an F1 student passionate about electrical engineering, I came to the US for college not only because of the top education here, but also because of the opportunity to gather real-world industrial experience after I graduate, so that when I go back to my China, Ill be able to find an ideal position and contribute myself to my home country. Im sure that if there were only one year of OPT, I wouldnt have come to the US for college, because an engineer cant finish research project given only one year. High-tech companies wouldnt hire F1 students given the short period of work. My family wouldnt have paid the huge amount of tuition to let me come to the US without learning about the top technology here. I have so many friends in China who are graduating from college and are preparing for application to pursue a further degree in the US. Now they are waiting for the result of the new OPT STEM extension regulation before they apply, because they dont want to come over if not given the chance of working here. Only a degree from a US college is definitely not enough for us to get a good job and contribute to the technology industry after we go back to China. F1 students help contribute diversity to the US colleges and are also a big contributor to the education payments of the college system. Once the extension policy cancelled, the US colleges would lose a majority of talented students and education payers. It would cause a big loss to the US education system.

Once again, OPT EXTENSION is very necessary and reasonable for STEM field students, and its even more important to the education system and technical field in the United State. I SUPPORT new regulation of OPT STEM extension.
