Peng Zhang I do agree with the OPT STEM extension. This is necessary, and even desirable, for both STEM students and the U.S. society. A popular contrary view would say those STEM students rob the jobs from local residents, and decrease the minimum wage. Nevertheless, DHS has explained this to protect local labor market in the proposed OPT STEM extension rule document. If the whole document is read carefully, those opposite reasons that I mentioned above dont make any sense. 
One reason for my fundamental agreement with the OPT STEM extension is that in order to benefit the economy, the U.S. needs those skilled STEM students to drive innovation, and create more job positions. It is well accepted that industries related with STEM are important to the U.S. economy. However, according to the National Center for Policy Analysis, there could be 2.4 million unfilled STEM jobs. One solution is to recruit more international students with high level knowledge of STEM to fill that huge gap. Just consider the enrollment of international students itself: during the 2013-2014 academic year, the international students and their families at universities and colleges created 340,000 jobs and contributed $26.8 billion to the U.S. economy (data from NAFSA). If those talented students can stay in the States after graduation, the U.S. can still lead the highest level in the areas of STEM, and the economy will be boost by those professionals and innovators, especially for the small business. If we consider it from a long term perspective, with strong and powerful STEM industries, the U.S. can still keep the unsurpassable position in the world.
Another reason why I essentially agree with the OPT STEM extension is that the U.S. has a long history of welcoming immigrants from all parts of the world based on the spirit of the Constitution. This is a vital factor why the U.S. can lead the world right now. The immigrants have made huge contribution to the U.S. through the ages, like Albert Einstein, Nikola Tesla, and other numerous unknown hardworking people. These STEM international students can also do significant and tremendous dedication to the U.S. as in the history. If the U.S. push those international students leave this country, it looks like helping other countries to become competitors to the U.S. while those talent people are introduced by the rest of the world. In that situation, the local residents jobs will be robbed by the rising country which can keep the talent people, and hardly come back.
In sum, this OPT STEM extension rule should be applauded, not undermined.
