I was glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in Feb, 2015 with a PHD degree in the field of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering. During my OPT, I involved in several research projects to study and develop state-of-the-art numerical algorithms using advanced mathematics to solve computationally intensive, stochastic dynamical problems, which not only contributed to the field of real industry development in U.S., but also led to publications in top-ranking journals and conferences in the field of computational mathematics.
The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes.

The proposal to reinstitute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. Especially for me, this experiential learning will give me opportunities to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom and research lab with practical application and skills development in a professional setting. STEM graduates like me should be given more opportunity to gain valuable applied experience and make connections in professional fields they are considering for career paths. The additional OPT time will provide me with more broad exposure to industries and organizations to aid in personally developing and exploring career possibilities as well as creating a professional network. These benefits also will encourage future international students to join STEM programs in the U.S. and allow U.S. com