Qiuping Xu I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in Biomathematics from Florida State University in 2015. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes.

I was glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.



The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Employers

Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest strategies and techniques in the field. Expanding opportunities for STEM graduates benefits employers in high-tech industries by helping them to maintain connections with colleges and increase visibility on campus. This aids to promote community involvement and creates awareness of the field for future students and future employees. In addition, expanding practical training opportunities for international students will enhance U.S. companies by providing novel perspectives, fresh ideas, new processes, and specialized skill sets to augment the abilities of staff employees. Finally, STEM students will allow employers the opportunity to accomplish bigger projects, achieve more innovation, and develop new products and technology, all of which will further fuel the U.S. economy.


Many opponents of expanding the period of OPT seek to pit native-born workers against their foreign-born colleagues. But, in fact, workers do not compete against each other for a fixed number of jobs. The United States has created a dynamic and powerful economy, and immigrants of all types and skills, from every corner of the globe, have worked with native-born workers to build it. Skilled immigrants contributions to the U.S. economy help create new jobs and new opportunities for economic expansion. Indeed, foreign-born students who graduate with an advanced degree in STEM fields from U.S. universities positively impact the U.S. economy and employment opportunities of native-born workers.


The most dramatic gains in U.S. employment come from immigrants who earned advanced degrees at US universities and are employed in STEM fields. Changing temporary immigration policies, such as by expanding the OPT period to 24 months, to favor holders of advanced degrees from U.S. universities in STEM fields is an obvious step given the demand for highly skilled workers and the extensive investment the country already makes in such students. Without a clear path to stay in the United States, these foreign students will fuel innovation and economic growth in countries that compete with the American economy.
