Jane Wang I strongly support this new proposal of offering F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees 24 OPT extension. It will leverage the international intellectuals to foster the engineering industries, sustain U.S.'s competitiveness, and create opportunities for domestic residents to increase their income.

U.S. institutions were appealing to international students who intend to pursue their advanced degrees because of the relatively long period of post-graduate practice period, i.e., 17-month OPT STEM extension. Universities in the U.S. always emphasize their value in influencing and benefiting education and industry, the STEM extension has always been a powerful support for that emphasis. Without such policy, they would lose their advantage to the prestigious institutes in countries such as Canada, U.K., Singapore, and Hong Kong, which provide every possible means to attract top students from the world. Students like me would weigh the outcome out of the study: just receiving the education without relatively substantial working experience will not boost themselves when they return to their home countries after graduation for jobs, thus coming to the U.S. for an advanced degree would become much less cost-effective.

The addition of 24 months to the regular 12 months well fits the common development cycle in the high-tech industry, a field has been renowned to rely on asian workforces who received their graduate degree from U.S. universities. My current project for mobile service development started 2 years ago with market/user research, numerous experiments of machine learning techniques, and significant effort on system architecture building. Now, the 3rd year, just began to push to commercialization. My old colleague also had the bad experience of dropping his entire project because his OPT expired. Although the company did the best to mitigate the loss, no one could entirely take over his work but had to compromise to an adjusted project direction.

The staying of international graduates with STEM degrees not only contributes to the industries they are working in, but also the domestic service industries through creating job opportunities and increasing service demand. This is straightforward: their daily expenses involve apartment rental, grocery, food delivery, and transportation.

The benefits for the U.S. are much more than enumerated above. I suggest the proposal to be approved in order to realize them all. 

