I am a recent graduate student in engineering who is currently working on OPT, doing R&D for a global company's US branch.

I am glad to know that DHS has drafted a new rule to improve the training opportunity for F-1 students. Here are some facts about myself and why I believe this new rule will benefit foreign students and the U.S. people at the same time.

1. When I finished my bachelor degree in my home country and planned to pursue further study in my major, I once hesitated among an ivy league university in the US, a British golden triangle and a well-known Swedish University. It was the fact that the U.S. was willing to provide convenient access to real working experience that encouraged me to finally choose to come to this continent which is so far from my home country, China.

2. Why is the U.S. working experience so important for me? Some people may doubt that whether I will finally stay in the U.S., struggling and chasing for the U.S. citizenship. Don't be silly. The only reason why I prefer to stay here and work for 1 or 2 years is that with this kind of oversea working experience, I will easily find myself a well-paid job when I go back to China. In my field, in the U.S., a new bee's annual salary is around 70K, and a senior can make as much as 100~120K; while in China, a new graduate can only earn 30k per year, but an experienced professional and make up to 150K, especially when you have oversea working experience! With such high salary and low living expense in my home country and ultimate possibility for personal improvement, do you really think I'd rather stay here, stealing jobs and accepting unfair working conditions and being paid a meager salary?!

3. I understand that people are unsatisfied with the number of the unemployed rate. However, the truth is, most of the unemployed people, even given the chance, they are still not capable of doing what a well-trained OPT STEM graduate can do. Contrary, they should count on those STEM professionals to 