I strongly support this proposed rule to be approved by US government for the following reasons.

First of all, overseas students paid more than double ( usually 3 times) of local tuition fees in order to be enrolled in a university. The existence of international students increases the overall profit level of US universities. Besides, US universities not only invest this part of budget for none-native students themselves, but also put a great chunk to local students' daily activities. The payment from overseas students is actually benefiting local residents. However, some locals are discriminating overseas students because of culture differences in many aspects. 

Second, overseas students should have own rights to be treated equally in job hunting. United States of America is a country which advocates EQUAL HUMAN RIGHTS. The government should questioning those people who only consider residents' benefits from this aspect. During job hunting, international students are discriminated by most of companies by 'none-local' visa status already. If a none-local student is selected under such a situation, the company must admit the student's excellence comparing native students. People who have strong prejudice in arguing foreign workers are taking job opportunities from local residents in IT sector should think about whether is it correct to against this special vulnerable students' group. The local students (their children or even themselves) are protected by companies' default rules (rule: no h1b, no sponsorship, must obtain clearance) for many years, and they will still be protected in their later life. Furthermore, the public should put themselves in international students' place. The opposition groups must think about how anger they would be when they are treated unfairly in other countries for the same reason.

Third, the high intelligence overseas students who are working for US companies are actually profiting US economics. For instance, Ms. Indra Nooyi is the cu