Well, this is kind of interesting to talk about how a student, or a future professional specialist is going to change the world.

I have actually read many news and documents concerning the importance of the scientists and other technicians in reshaping the country. Their conduct can be very important to the nation. Almost every country knows a basic fact, that is, you need more advanced people to help you do the "awful" work.

To be precise, I'd rather like to talk about a very specific phenomenon worldwide, it is the use of temporary workers. First of all, you don't have to pay them monthly salaries, only hourly, and second, you don't have to consider their family, their insurance, health, or even social status, as long as they are still capable of finishing the work. And, so it is actually the same in the so called STEM majors. I don't really know anything about the masters student, but at least in the Ph. D level, most of the students are dedicated to the long and tedious research work. I believe that the Shell company would like to "hire" a Ph.D to finish the analyses than a real analyst. And so are the same with many other companies. It is quite important to notice that research, indeed, is not like what your lawyers, your news comments, or the public think. It is not totally Einstein, it is actually very very basic, tiring, tedious, repetitious work, carried on day by day, and years by years. I believe that you know the sciences are more "advanced" than the retail seller's work, and it needs extra education. But the truth is, we, the very basic workers, are being paid no better than your citizens. We are not roaming around after school, we are always going directly to our apartment after lab time, we dedicated more than what we have received. We are not flooding into your country, we are just following the steps of pursuing a good science research.

When it comes to the national level of economic interest, I think that United States, are probably the best in 