I just can't believe that there are so many ignorant people who's trying to drive high-educated and trained labor away!
STEM OPT extension is not only good for international students, also good for this country and its people. America is a great country and the leader of world because it has always been attracting talents all over the world. I don't think I need to list all the names of great people who're immigrants or children of immigrants. They have always been contributing to this country.
I support STEM OPT extension for there following reasons.
Firstly, international students on OPT don't lower the minimum wage. They are not cheap labor. Most STEM students work in science and technology, and they are paid much higher than minimum wage. And THEY PAY TAXES. Students on OPT or H1B visa often pay more than 30% of their salary to the federal and the state. They actually contribute to the social welfare and public services.
Secondly, they contribute to more powerful american companies, which bring more jobs. Tech companies need more qualified tech workers than what american citizens could provide. This could cause they to fail in competition with companies outside the country. With employing qualified international students, they could grow faster and stronger, and create more jobs for american citizens too. Just check how many immigrants work in Google, Facebook, Uber, etc. They are one of the reasons why the tech industry of the U.S is on the top of the world.
Thirdly, American academic institutes need international students, and they need OPT extension to attract international students. International students could help american academic sectors remain competitive globally. The U.S is not the only country with good high education. The U.K, Canada, Germany, Australia, etc, have prestigious universities as well. And many of them are comping up with policies to attract international students. They know these highly educated students could contribute much to their c