I strongly support this new OPT extension rule. As an international data science master student from China, I had multiple options to purse my master degree in US, Singapore, Hong Kong, British and of course mainland China. The most important reason I choose to study here is US could provide me the international industry training opportunity during school and after graduation. Thus OPT extension is very important to attract foreign STEM talents. Without this OPT extension rule, I can't believe US could still attract so many foreign STEM talents every year to contribute their knowledge to this country and I myself would probably choose to study in other countries with better policy to foreign STEM talents. BTW, if this rule is terminated by some reasons, it's definitely a huge disaster to most US high-tech companies, like Google, Apple, Intel, Facebook, etc. Because they are supported by foreign STEM talents. 

U.S. employers will benefit from the increased ability to rely on the skills acquired by STEM OPT students while studying in the United States, as well as their knowledge of markets in their home countries. For example, Chinese students would know more and more accurate about Chinese market when regarding to expand Uber's market share in China. 

Furthermore, the 12 months regular + 24 months extension time is also a good length for OPT program. Most large research/software development projects would last at least 2 years or more. If the OPT extension time is too short, foreign STEM workers worked on those projects would lose their VISA before the projects completion. It would be a disaster for the companies.

As I'm a Chinese STEM student and was born and brought up in China, I would return back China eventually. Before then, I'd like to apply my knowledge learned from US university to US high-tech industry development. If I have about 3 years work experience in US, I would be competitive in the job market of China and serve as a business tie between US and C