I'm a new graduated PhD student. I strongly support the opt extension program.
My support is not based on my personal benefit, but on the job opportunities that foreign students may actually produce for US during their OPT period.

Opt is one of the most important and convenient period for entrepreneurship and forming start-ups.
H1B visa requires that the foreign student work in the position that is directly related with their major. Therefore, an engineering student, for example, cannot form a start up as a CEO using H1B (CEO is not a position that is related with an Engineering degree). However, students holding OPT F1 visa do has the freedom to do so. 

Many foreign Creative STEM students are willing to push their creations into business and to create new job opportunities in US. Longer OPT extension period definitely increases the willingness for foreign students to form start-ups. In addition, longer OPT extension allows the start-ups to grow before the original 1-year OPT ends.

In this way, I believe the OPT extension program is very beneficial not only to foreign students but also to US in the following aspects:

1: more foreign "CEO"s stimulate local economy by their daily living life. Such as purchasing local food, buying real estate and etc.
2: Stimulates cultural mixing.
3: For international student, longer OPT period provides start-ups enough time to grow.
4: For US start-ups, longer OPT period provides lower cost labor.
5: the real talented foreign student may have a higher chance to stay in US if their start-up is a success in US, and they will bring and grow their social networking in US.

I read several comments on the OPT extension act, and I hope we, both foreign and US natives, could think not only for each individual, but also consider the nation as a whole. Holding talented people and creating more job opportunities are very beneficial the US nationa, and gives the foreign students higher freedom.

I love all the people around me, my friends co