I strongly agree on improving and expanding the STEM opt. It is extremely important for the US economy and well-being for all the Americans. The fields in which the STEM students will be employed are cutting edge industry where the states definitely need lots of workforce to develop. Training for a STEM graduate will require at least a decade, and nowadays the number of STEM students in US is not enough to meet with the requirements of the new fast developing industry. If these companies cannot get enough high quality employees in the US, a great portion of the works will be completed by outsource companies in other countries such as India. That is indeed happening in the IT field, and the outsource companies are already taking away the jobs in the US. 

The skill sets that a STEM graduate acquires are extremely precious for all high tech fields such as data mining, 3D printer, or neuroscience that America or any country in the current world seeks as new economic growth points. These STEM students will be leaders in the field, which will bring into billions of revenues in the following decades. If these future tech leaders are not allowed to seek employment in America, in the next couple of decades it is foreseeable that US will slowly lose the global leading role on these new emerging fields, as well as other fundamental traditional STEM fields that are crucial for homeland security such as airforce. I cannot understand that some Americans can be so shortsighted to only worry about making their neighborhood less crowded and do not care at all about the effect that it may bring to the industries in the future, which will harm our next generation! 

The US universities have thrown in a tremendous amount of time, money and effort to train these students with the most cutting edge knowledge, before they are ready to contribute and pay back to the society. The educational cost is a significant amount of money out of the pocket of American people. And now you tell me tha