Daniel Richardson Now DHS has piled on the attack against the unemployed AMERICAN STEM workers who have displaced by foreigners? US Government agencies and politicians keep citizens out of work, not paying taxes, not paying FICA and simultaneously drawing on government-sponsored benefits programs while displacing opportunity for AMERICAN kids while training their foreign competitors. Our own government is killing us.

An immigration bill introduced under Rep. Paul Ryan's speakership Wednesday would bypass the annual cap on H-2B work visas by allowing foreigners admitted in any of the three previous years to remain and not be subject to the cap. It is called the Strengthen Employment and Seasonal Opportunities Now (Season) Act .or H.R. 3918. In 1970, fewer than 1 in 21 U.S. residents were foreign-born. Today is it nearing 1 in 7, and will soon eclipse every historical watermark and keep rising. Meanwhile, the wage compression enabled by long-term low-skilled migration has helped employers keep wages down beneath 1973 levels.

Legislation sponsored by Sen. Marco Rubio, R-Fla. wants to triple the number H-1B issued to foreign workers each year. The Immigration Innovation ("1- Squared") bill would enable companies to hire an unlimited number of foreigners with advanced degrees from U .S, institutions in science, technology, engineering and math, which would turn same universities into diploma factories for foreign students. 

Sen. Jeff Sessions (R-AL) noted in his immigration roadmap far the new Republican Congress, "a stunning 3 in 4 Americans with a STEM degree do not hold a job in a STEM field-that's a pool of more than 11 million Americans with 
STEM qualifications who lack STEM employment." 

In a chapter titled, 'The Silicon Valley STEM Hoax," Sessions cites Rutgers public policy professor Hal Salzman, who has calculated that 100% of new hires in the tech industry could be guest workers if Congress continues to increase the number of H-1B visas, which would hold "down wages for both them and new hires." 

Sessions also informed lawmakers that the "true number of guest workers admitted to the U.S. each year solely for the purpose of filling coveted jobs in the IT and STEM fields is actually much larger than news reports would suggest" because there are ways to get around the caps. For instance, since employers "receive an exemption when they hire a new worker who was previously employed by a capped employer" in addition to other factors like "overlapping admissions," there were about about 263,000 H-1B visas approved in fiscal year 2012. Analysts have estimated that there or ~650,000 to 750,000 guest workers with H-1B visas and, as Sessions pointed out, employers have other ways to bring in more foreign workers-like using the L-1 visa program that "allows employers to transfer employees from abroad to fill jobs domestically. The stock of L-1 workers is estimated to be around 350,000." 
