mengya hu I strongly SUPPORT the new rule!

I have look carefully through the document and many of the comments.

First, I want to defend the rule against some negative comments before.

A comment posted on Oct 30, 2015 and RIN:1653-AA72 saying: It seems that the OPT program for foreign STEM subject graduates is unfair discrimination against American citizens who are competing in the workplace as STEM graduates. Indeed, there are Americans in the STEM fields who are unemployed, possibly because of this unfiair program. Foriegn graduates can find mentoring in their own countries. Send them home and let them do so.

The OPT was not, is not and will never be unfair discrimination against American citizens who are competing in the workplace as STEM graduates. 

This comment just gives us two facts: one is the OPT and the other is the unemployment of some Americans in the STEM fields. It doesnt give us how serious the unemployment is? Is it serious enough to be considered as a social problem? (As we all know, there are always jobless people for some reason.) More importantly, the comment just guesses the former possibly being the cause of the latter. However, it gives no proof.

People who are unemployed mostly caused by their own flaws. For example, they are reluctant to spend required time and energy on their tasks. They have two-star abilities with five-star ambitions. Employers will not hire them even without international students as competitors. As for those who are really diligent and talented American graduate students, the reason of being unemployed is probably that the career path itself is hard. For example, people learning bioscience is extremely hard to get a related job. (Meanwhile, people majoring in Computer Science and Finance can easily find a job). It is the supply and demand that counts rather than the competition of others. Moreover, there are rules protecting American citizens rights of working. International students can choose limited kind of jobs. For example, I am graduate student in The Department of Mechanical and Aerospace Engineering, Princeton University. I attended job affairs this year. I learnt that NASA wont take international students. GE only has one section taking international students Thus, we cant conclude that international students take American students jobs away. Furthermore, as international student who are successfully accepted by universities in USA must be talented. They are very likely to start their own business in the future and thus create more job opportunities for citizens. 

Second, I will show the necessity, importance and benefits to endorse the new rule. 

1, Now is the era of collaboration. USA must cooperate with the world to flourish. 
For example, China is raising and thus has lots of opportunities for American companies. It is an advantage to Chinese in the company, for the following reasons: 
1) Chinese has its own business culture (such as making deals when having meal). Thus, Chinese employees tend to make the deal done faster and better than the Americans. Moreover, just seeing a familiar face in the same county makes people feel familiar and friendly. It is an advantage when doing business.
2) Chinese are born and raised in China, so they know what Chinese want, i.e. know the market. They will come up with more suitable business plan.
3) When the employees went back to China, whether starting their own company or working in a new one, they are connection for their former American employers in China. Those students are educated and trained in USA. Therefore they have attachment for USA, i.e they have a high possibility of giving special treats to USA.

2. When those students go back to their home country, they may provide better servise for America . They learn American culture and their need during working here. If they start any company, it has higher chance to serve USA better than the ones who dont have the experience.

3. We know the ratio of international students in STEM is very high. For example, our department has 9 international students out of the 18. It is a official recognition for the intelligence and diligence of international students. Letting these talented young people join the workforce of America will definitely promote the further development of America. Especially, STEM is most important areas that serves the society. The cutting-eage tech will make American life easier and better. Moreover, if they finally stay and become citizens. They are high-educated and they tend to let their kid been educated well. Thus, their offsprings will also be good workforce for America.

(My comment is too long, so I break into two. Check the latter comment.)
