I support this extension. I believe this extension is good to United States, nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees and the immigrant status.
This is of course good to United States, the students with STEM degree (especially with higher level degree) play a key role in high tech companies in U. S., which makes the U. S. a lead player in world economy and contribute a lot to U.S. society. It is not difficult to imagine how hard will those high tech company be if they lose these key engineers, scientists, technician and mathematician.
It is also good for the nonimmigrant students, they can benefit from this extension, because they can work longer time in U.S., where they study, live for many years to get degree, where there is a good working and living environment they are familiar. If just make them go back to their own country, they may not able to do their best because they have adjust to the work mode there. This will a waste to the U.S. higher education resources. They pay a lot to breed a good STEM student with good knowledge but can't work in U.S. to make economy better, which is a kind of ridiculous.
The extension can also promote the status of the immigration of U.S.. Just as the ratio in the population, the students with STEM degrees is not much compared to the whole population seeking to work legally in U.S.. I have to admit that the extension will give more chance for them to immigrant to U.S., however, they may not be willing to immigrant. China and India provide a large part of the F1 student with STEM degree, however, both China and India's economy is booming rapidly, why these students want to immigrant to U.S. and enjoy the departure with their family rather than go back to China or India to make a big difference. One might argue that why they need extension, they need work experience in U.S., which can bond U.S. to China and India tightly and turnover benefit U.S..
In a word, the extension is good to United States, good to STEM students and good to 