I support the STEM OPT extension based on the following grounds:

1. For the U.S. to stay competitive in terms of science and technology, we need to attract global talents and make the stay and work for American based companies. If we drive them out after they finish study, they will simply go back to their home country or whatever countries that welcome highly skilled STEM workers. They are not contributing to US economy in anyway without actually staying here and in so doing, we let go the best of the talents and let them create the next Alibaba or Tencent. Worse still, they may not even come to the US without the promise of at least working for a period of time after they graduate. Think about what this will bring to US colleges and grad schools and the academic researches in general.

2. The extension is necessary to further attract STEM talents to the US. One year of working experience may well be too short for the students to be more competitive in the job market after they return to their home country, therefore, plays a negative role when a foreign student considers studying in the US for higher education. It simply is not worth the education investment, which goes well beyond 100,000 in most cases.

3. International students studying in STEM fields are not taking jobs away from the US workers. Recent years, STEM fields, especially computer science, have huge demands for skilled workers which US born graduates along cannot meet. It is common in STEM majors in universities that international students far outnumber American students. How much of a gap will it leave if all of these international students are not allowed to work after they graduate? And how hard will this hit US economy? Probably very bad. Moreover, the tech companies, without sufficient skilled workers in the job market, are very likely to outsource their job to countries like India, or China, where they will find very cheap labor, at a somewhat lower quality. This will most likely bring down t