I highly support the proposal to expanding training opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees. I believe the rule that is being proposed has numerous benefits, including boosting US domestic job growth, preventing brain drain from the US, and reinforcing and enhancing diversity in both the US labor market and population.//

Firstly, I argue that, instead of distort the domestic labor market, F-1 students with STEM degrees can help the market growth and create new jobs. The most common comments that opposes foreign students working in the US is that they distort domestic labor market. Such comment is merely groundless. For example, in the University of Michigan, one of the top universities with high foreign-student population, F-1 STEM students contributes to only about 10% of the total number of STEM students. Such small percentage of students can hardly distort domestic labor market. Not to mention their language barriers, government restrictions, and their connection with original country. A small portion of them who actually have a chance to work in the US are fairly competing with domestic students. However, one cannot neglect foreign students' contribution to the growth of labor market in the STEM field. High-tech companies or financial institutions in the United States faces intense global communication, international businesses and foreign investigations. With their solid skill sets, multi-cultural backgrounds, and already established open-minds, foreign STEM students working in the US strongly supports the growth of these companies, which greatly contributes to US economical growth and, undoubtedly job market growth.//

In addition, expanding training opportunities for F-1 STEM students certainly slows down brain drain from the US. While the US still leads the worldwide technology innovation, scientific breakthroughs, and global economy, one cannot overlook the fast growing foreign competitors in the technology and financing sector, like 