I strongly support extending the OPT for STEM students, for following reasons:

(1) Foreign STEM students are important source of power that help building the US society

Science and technology is probably the most important driven power of economic. US has the worlds best education recourses that is why it is attracting millions of students from all around the world. These students, after receiving well education and acquiring the necessary skills, are important intellectual source of USs technology companies. They can make great contribution to USs society if opportunities are provided. Meanwhile, these students will create an atmosphere of loving science and technology which will bring positive effects to local students. For example my lab will host activity to introduce what is the technology we are developing to local middle school students. They are really attracted by it and some of them think engineer is like the train driver before ! I would like to point out that these activity was organized by research assistance from Indian, Turkey, China, and also Iran. They are making their own contribution to this country using their knowledge. 

(2) Providing more opportunities for foreign students, in the long run, will not harm the US citizens right. 

I guess one of the important reason of those who reject extending OPT is that it encourages local company to hire foreign students which potentially harm the benefit of local students. However this is not quite true. 

Face it, when two comparable graduate students one from US another from other country are competing for one job, most likely the US student will win. The employer will consider foreign students only when the gap cannot be filled by local students.. or the performance of US students is much worse. To be more clear if we add too many limitation to foreign students, this will only protect those local students who are not competitive enough. Finally, it is the USs technology company whose benefit is harmed