I do STRONGLY SUPPORT for the proposal for the following reasons:

US has a long and well-known history to attract world-class talents to create value for the country and OPT Extension is one of the policies that serve for this purpose. 

I DISAGREE with the comment here that international students with OPT Extension are robbing job opportunities from local US workers. First of all, OPT is for STEM only, it DOES NOT include every field in the list, for example, it DOES NOT include majors like Arts, Business and so on. Moreover, a STEM student CANNOT find a random job that is not related to his/her major and as far as I know, there are still increasingly demands for STEM positions currently, especially for some technology companies. All candidates, no matter you are local or international STEM, need to go through the same interview process and win the fair competition, which is not something like "International STEM students are accepting lower wages and make local workers jobless". "ALWAYS SAVE FOR AMERICAN" is a logo somehow shows discrimination against those more smart international students. If a company do provide illegally low wages, it has nothing to do with the OPT Extension Policy itself. Besides that, still a great portion of companies do not sponsor visas in order to protect the right of local workers. Hence it makes no sense to say that "OPT Extension students make local workers jobless".

Jumping out of the previous point, OPT Extension can bring much more pros than cons. While US is providing the best education to the international students, they also bring their unique values to enrich the US culture. OPT Extension policy can help US colleges to get more and more international elites and hence benefits the US education system. Furthermore, OPT Extension policy can also help US better reserve these talents and having them contribute to the US. STEM students are booming the local economy by booming the local house-renting market and so on. STEM students 