Rachel Ravina I couldn't be more in favor of the F1 OPT STEM extension to 24 months. International students here, among the most talented and broadminded of their peers, bring invaluable resources beyond strong backgrounds in different educational settings. They are also diplomats. Studying and growing with other Americans and then contributing to American society enables cross-cultural connections at a high level that are so, so important to fostering peace, and contributing to the health of our life and economy in ways that are often incalculable.

The economic analyses have been horribly short-sighted. Training and investing in talented international students and then sending them away from this country can't but hurt our economy. Many technological and medical innovations come from bright-minded students from diverse backgrounds, often enabled by their different educational contexts, awareness of different issues, and (in my own experience) higher faculties for comparative reasoning and altruism. 

If we want to protect the American economy, we should say no measures like the TTP that support the outsourcing of American labor, systemically undercut the value of labor itself, threaten the minimum wage, contribute to the wage gap, instability, and ultimately trickle up into harming the structures that depend on a thriving middle class. 

There is absolutely no reason to send home some of the most talented, tragically temporary members of our society, who are creating new economic opportunities, better quality of life, and more cross-cultural understanding. 

Not only this, but the capriciousness of the legal measures to truncate the extension shocks me. It's one thing to gradually change a policy and grandfather in those already protected by it. It's a crime (to employers and students both) to suddenly end internships, jobs, projects, initiatives, leases, relationships, etc, that these working students have already started and anticipated completing. As an American citizen, I want to say that this is fundamentally un-American. I join my voice with those who support and will fight for the F1 OPT STEM extension.

