1. The training experience in OPT is necessary for the academic study of students. Without enough practice through OPT period, the college and university will lost a large number of potential students who want to come to U.S. to learn the advanced knowledge and know how to use it in the real world. The american education will be underestimate, because all the academic studies are theoretical instead of practical. Even U.K. updated their non-immigration policy in recent year to attract more global student to study in U.K. 

2.Especially the tuition and fees from graduate students could be a large part of revenue for an university. If the university lost this part of fund, it may bring some teacher lost their job. In fact the OPT extension will produce more job opportunity because the universities have more money to hire faculties.

3. The adverse effects to U.S. workers. It is known all around the world that U.S. is a country of freedom, not to mention the first amendment. Just like Apple produce the iPhone in China, a lot of other big company move their product support or customer service business out of the country. Thus, it is not OPT or F1 student who steal the job from Americans, but the competition is changed from national to global. In fact, I believe the stress or attention which OPT extension give to the 'hard working Americans' could be an motive to the workers to make them to consider continuing education or work even harder. 

Generally speaking, I think OPT extension will not cause an adverse effect to U.S. workers, but improve the economic environment which provide more job opportunities to U.S. workers in the end. If there is a one who steal the job, then it is the economy not foreigners. If a worker is not qualified for a job, he is not qualified without OPT extension policy. The companies always have plenty ways to find more qualified labors. However, without OPT extension policy, the american higher education will be less attractive for foreign stud