I strongly support the proposal for the following reasons.

1. International students that have paid for the extraordinarily huge amount of tuition should have the same right to work in the U.S. As the odds of getting H1B visa are getting more and more slim, students with developed technical skills should have longer time duration to stay in the U.S. and more chances to apply to H1B. If this proposal didn't pass, it would certainly discourage talented students to even come to study in the U.S., and there would be a huge loss for U.S. economy and the development of U.S. education.

2. Not only are International students able to contribute what they have learned for the companies, they are also able to contribute different point of views because of their different background. It is certainly foolish to deny the significance of diversity, which actually makes the U.S. one of the greatest countries on Earth. The diversity that international students bring to Universities and workforce enables American people to know the world better in terms of economy and politics.

3. We can't deny that we may increase the competitions at the workforce. However, as the American economy is booming and unemployment rate drops to a historically low level, America needs a large labor force to make its economy better. International students that always have strong work ethics are the best group of people to successfully make that happen. In most cases, competition is not a bad thing. It usually makes the market more efficient. Those Americans that didn't get jobs that they should have if there was no international students taking their positions probably will work even harder and get other better jobs after they refine their skills. If they never work hard and always blame other people taking their jobs, they wouldn't get a job even if Americans deported all the international students. Other American people that have better skill sets would take their jobs anyway. At that time, I wonder wh