I totally agree with this 24-extension of OPT! I am not a STEM student but I am also an international student in US. The most important spirit in American dream is that everyone would be able to reach what they want through hard working. After years of diligent study and internship, students want a good job to prove their value for the society. This act give more opportunities for international students to get great working experience in US which would establish a very important base for their future career. The extension of OPT for STEM students are also good for US citizens! These students will contribute their knowledge in high-tech fields to facilitate the development of IT, science and medicine! Without their hard work, I can't imagine we can see improved versions of iphone every year! Think about the computer you are using, the cars you are driving and the houses you are living in! STEM students contribute to every corner of daily life of every American!

I know there must be some voice against this act claiming that STEM student occupied the job positions which should belong to US citizens. However, this could not be more wrong! First, considering the number of STEM international students, it is not at all comparable to US citizens who need a job. Second, these students are helping develop the fields, which would definitely provide more job opportunities for the filed in a long-term consideration. Think about IT filed ten years ago and now! Those US STEM students, please calm down and think: Do you think this society should be equal that all the talented people should be able to get a job? If that is the case, why do you think foreign STEM students do not deserve a job if they are very excellent?

If this act could finally be approved, I could not be more happy because I see the hope of this country. I see how this country evaluated its education and the talented people. However, if this act could not be approved, I would be so disappointed that this country 