Raymond Sanchez I strongly support this opt stem policy

There is a misconception is that companies may favor foreigners with STEM OPT over US citizens because they can provide lower wages to the former. This proposed rule specifically address this concern in the section Safeguarding U.S. Workers Through Measures Consistent With Labor Market Protections. To summarize the key points, the proposed rule require that the workers on OPT should receive commensurate compensations, duties and hours with similarly situated U.S. workers. Besides, companies will not terminate, lay off or furlough a U.S. worker due to offering STEM OPT to a foreign student. Employers are required to provide DHS with foreign students wage information, and DHS has the right to deny any STEM OPT if above requirements are not strictly followed. All of these ensure that the rights and benefits of U.S. workers are properly protected.

After clearing the common misconceptions, it is worth mentioning that the proposed new rule benefits U.S. people. As mentioned in the study done by NAFSA, foreign students consistently contribute tremendously amount of money to the U.S. economy. In the 2013-2014 academic year, they made a net contribution of 26.8 billion USD, including tuition and living expenses. The incentives that drive foreign students to come to U.S. for further study are not only better education opportunities, but also a more promising career. With the help of STEM OPT, foreign students can develop their professional skills in world-renowned high-tech companies after graduation. This greatly helps them to apply their knowledge to actual job market, and thus better prepares them for their career. In turn, these foreign STEM students in the high-tech field would bring innovative ideas to the industry, creating new companies, creating more jobs and making profits for the states. According to CNNMoney (http://money.cnn.com/2014/12/18/technology/alexis-ohanian-immigration/index.html?iid=EL), 44% of Silicon Valley startup founders are foreign-born. This indicates that foreign talent plays an extremely crucial rule in the U.S. tech boom. 

The need for STEM OPT extension is due to the antiqued working visa policies. Current working visas for foreigners are assigned through a lottery, not by merit. Without a working visa, any foreign high-skilled workers are not allowed to stay in the U.S., even a startup entrepreneur. While other countries like Canada offers a startup visa, there is no such program in U.S. Implementing this proposed STEM OPT extension would give U.S. a competitive advantage in attracting high-skilled foreigners and letting them lawfully remain in U.S.
