I strongly support the proposal of extending OPT extension to 24 months by DHS. It is helpful for America to attract talents all over the world and their contribution after graduation in OPT or OPT extension program is a huge help for America's competitiveness in globalization market. 

But this time I want to response against those opponents to this proposal who think STEM students don't need training after graduation and can go to full-time position directly. I find it a very ridiculous comment. My personal academical and professional experience told me practical training after graduation is very necessary as a transition to formal career. I got my bachelor in mechanical engineering. During my undergraduate program I did a lot of projects and several internship programs. My training ranged from most basic manufacturing techniques to advanced automated processing and robotics techniques. My internship field included electricity power plant, automobile industry and air conditioner industry. I think I had enough training and studied very hard. But when i graduated, when i was thrown to real working field, I still need a mentor to guild me not just in practical operation of the machines but also teach me domain knowledge of the whole business on the upper level from a more economical and practical perspective instead of just from academical and theoretical perspectives. 

It is not just the case in mechanical engineering, it is true for other STEM majors too. For me personally, I changed my major to industrial engineering focusing on operation research and data analytical fields. During my master program at Purdue University, I gained abundant analytical experience in different fields like marketing, finance, healthcare and production. But it was still very different from real analytical and consulting cases. For example, the data set i worked with during my master program has been simplified and the business scenario has also been tailored by professors for education