Don Chen, University of Boston I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:

1. The government should let the students who learned knowledge from U.S. universities stay in the country and let them keep making contributions to the U.S. All the knowledge F-1 students learn is based on U.S education. Most of them are effect by U.S culture. After they graduate, they can contribute what they learn to companies. Some F-1 student even contribute their knowledge to U.S education. Some F-1 engineer help U.S company strong advanced technology. What I knew, my classmate and me studying manufacturing engineering. In the manufacturing engineering, we learn how to improve process with difference academic method.

2. Diversity is very important for the U.S. Without diversity, no body can make advanced. Diversity is key part of U.S which difference from other countries. Different culture make people think differently. If it is homogeneous culture, people can not think outside of box. Without diversity, innovation is delay by decades. F-1 student can make U.S culture more diversity. For example, some Japanese students interested in how to make energy more efficiency. As we knew, Japan is a space limited country, Lean culture is inside of Japan. "For people who don't know lean, Lean means less waste." Those Japanese F-1 students said they want make the energy more efficacy used in U.S. 

3. Competition does exist, but is not a bad thing. Competition exist everywhere, but is really good thing for U.S. Competition is motivation to make people improve. Company hire well trained employee make company better. 
More importantly, most F-1 student (OPT) did not threat U.S citizen opportunities. Most of U.S citizens did not interested in some jobs, but those jobs are really need for company. F-1 student can fill in this gap. Again, competition can help U.S company or other organization choose better candidates. It helps improve the average ability. No matter U.S citizen or F-1 student, competition help U.S have more advantages in the all of World. Well trained engineer, doctor and other people, earns great reputation for U.S no matter they are U.S citizen or F-1 student. 

Overall, expanding training opportunities have many many many benefits for U.S
