Dinesh Mandadi Hello 

As an international student currently pursuing masters in information systems I feel this rule change will is a beneficial and definitely a welcoming gesture towards a lot of international students with STEM degrees. Students like me have decided to pursue their higher studies in the united states not just because of the high quality of education here but also because of the high standard of work expected from an employee. Getting that opportunity to work for an employer and to be able to put the skills acquired in my education in the practical work sphere is something which is Beneficial not just to the students but also to the employer to expand their talent base and diversity in the work environment. 

However in the recent times a lot of U.S employers have shown reluctance towards hiring F1 student simply because of the work regulations that they have and are looking more inclined towards hiring people with H1 visas. It is in this context that i would like to suggest that the wording pertaining to the proposed mentoring and training program be the proposed rule be looked into and maybe come up with a wording which doesn't sound negative for the employers. The current wording suggest additional work for an employer and doesn't necessarily inspire confidence for the employers to look out for the talent base from F1 students. A really useful and capable student can miss out on the opportunity to contribute towards his own growth and probably working towards making the organization better since the employer feels that it is too much a hassle in the hiring and development of a F1 student with no guarantee of a work visa such as H1 guaranteed. 

An employer hiring usually looks at a candidate from a long term perspective and expects results from the candidate. But the current wording indicates more towards an employer having to use their other resources towards a F1 Student without any assurance of returns in the long term. This might cause the employers to be reluctant to hire Graduates which would effectively defeat the purpose of this rule. If employers are not encouraged towards hiring F1 students the whole rule would be obsolete no matter if it 17 months or 24 months.

