After reading so many comments against this extension, I'd like to say something to American citizens. Not "American dream for everyone" ideology stuff, but more about your interest and this nation's interest.

It's surprising how strong Americans are against this STEM OPT extension. The reason US is giving foreign students more working opportunities is that there are simply insufficient high-educated American citizens in STEM fields. As a doctoral student in Electrical Engineering, I think nothing is more persuasive than data. Let's look at the tip of the iceberg here.

In a 2013 report, it is pointed out that there are too few Americans in STEM field (https://www.insidehighered.com/news/2013/07/12/new-report-shows-dependence-us-graduate-programs-foreign-students):
"foreign students make up the majority of enrollments in U.S. graduate programs in many STEM fields, accounting for 70.3 percent of all full-time graduate students in electrical engineering, 63.2 percent in computer science, 60.4 percent in industrial engineering, and more than 50 percent in chemical, materials and mechanical engineering, as well as in economics (a non-STEM field). " 
"For example, there are 36 graduate programs in electrical engineering where the proportion of international students exceeds 80 percent, including seven where it exceeds 90. (The analysis is limited to those programs with at least 30 full-time students.)"

In my university (ranks 30th in electrical engineering), there are so few American students in the graduate school. In the whole floor where my lab is, there are literally only ONE American student pursuing a graduate degree (out of about 40 students in total). With such little supply of highly-educated American students, just imagine how much tech-companies will suffer if they are not allowed to hire foreigners. So it's actually your call: would you prefer using a slower iphone, less reliable car, more expensive computers, or would you prefer letting foreigners work in 