Mysore Naveen I am not writing this comment as an "Engineer" on stem program working for a tech company but as a budding "ENTREPRENEUR" who`s future is in stake. 

Sergey Brin, Ruchi Sangavi, Andrew Grove, Sundar pichai, Pranav Mistry, Satya Nadella, Dillep George......(till that next guy who is making a revolution in his garage)
why am I naming these people?
~ Because we all had one thing in common, a dream to pursue. Like them today thousands of STEM students have chosen US as their destination. We need to ask why many STEM students chose united states before kicking them out.

For people like them (mentioned above) Science and Math were their born gift, They have dedicated there life understanding it using it for good cause. They have worked day and night and studied harder and they all chose US for their higher education, because this is the country where technological revolution happens.

"Now a time has come where these STEM students instead of focusing on their projects they are scared that in next couple of months they would be forced to leave this country". Its like you work your whole life for that dream to pursue and someone comes and shatters that in front of you. Yes that`s what these thousand of STEM students are scared now.

This country was build by brilliant immigrants, weather its Elon Musk or that guy in hoodies and flipflop coding all night. STEM students bring great values to humanity, they make people life better, cure diseases, build technology that can solve many social problems. How can one kick them out ?

Hypothetically lets say if this proposal gets rejected, then we have no choice thousands of STEM students will be sent back.

1) That news would break all over and its quite obvious there will be huge decline in students coming to US to purse higher education.
2) This will damage US economy.
3) Today in academia there are many brilliant professors and they were once STEM students too.
4) Companies like Google, Microsoft, Facebook or a startup will loose many talented students. 
5) The chances of that next big startup originating in US will decline for sure.

Well I could go on but you can guess the consequences.

If this proposal successfully go through ?

Well america, you have seen the revolution happened between 1905 in that palo alto garage till today where some guy is about to start next technological revolution. Need I say more?

Yes I strongly support it.
