I moved to the United States of America in Fall 2012, for studying Masters in Computer Science. My primary goal was to learn the best in this field, as US is leading the research and development for this field. However, I come from India - a developing country with a weak currency. For my education, I took a loan of about $100000. This would take me about 20 years to pay off if I work in India. I need to pay off this loan while gaining some substantial experience working as a Software Engineer in the U.S. I can do this if and only if DHS allows me an opportunity to work for a practical training experience on a OPT STEM extension. If I can pay off my student loan in a year, I can set aside some money - and start my own business in India. 

Passing this STEM OPT extension rule will also help U.S. universities as they will gain more funds from international students via out-of-state tuition and registration fees. This will also hugely benefit the U.S. economy as high-skilled workers will be hired only by the most honest and worthy employers due to the mentoring and reporting requirements.

If this rule is not passed, it will affect me very adversely. I will go bankrupt in a couple of months, will be forced to leave the U.S. and would have no means to pay my education loan installments. 

If this rule is not passed, it will also affect the International Student community in the U.S. very adversely. About 40,000 international students will be forced to leave the country around April 2016 and equal or more will be forced to leave the country sooner or later within 1 year. This will result in a severe lack of talent for high tech companies, especially Computer/Software companies. This may result in a meltdown of the software industry and can cause a economic catastrophy. Also, to make things worse - knowing that the U.S. is not supportive of practical training opportunities for international students will reduce the number of applications to American universities. This may