Saranya Kapur I strongly support this rule. I also believe that students currently on STEM Extensions should not be impacted if the rule does not go in place by February 12, 2016. This will cause unnecessary gaps in employment and will prove to be unnecessarily complicated for USCIS to rescind approved work authorizations. 

As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in 2013 with a master's degree in the field of Digital Media from New York University. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes. 

In April 2008, the U.S. Department of Homeland Security ("DHS") issued an interim final rule with request for comments that extended the period of OPT by 17 months for F-1 nonimmigrants with a qualifying STEM degree. On August 12, 2015, the United States District Court for the District of Columbia vacated the 17-month STEM extension created by the 2008 Rule, but ordered that the vacatur be stayed until February 12, 2016. If DHS does not issue a final rule to replace the 2008 Rule, thousands of foreign students with work authorizations, such as myself, will be forced to scramble to depart the United States. This will impose a costly burden on the U.S. tech sector if thousands of young workers have to leave their jobs on February 12, 2016. 

Foreign students represent half of all U.S. graduate enrollments in engineering, math, and computer science. There still are not enough U.S. students graduating with advanced degrees in these fields to fill highly specialized positions. A 2012 report co-sponsored by the U.S. Chamber of Commerce found that every foreign-born student who graduates with an advanced degree from a U.S. university and stays to work in a STEM field creates on average 2.62 jobs for U.S. workers, often because they help lead in innovation, research and development. Without the availability of the OPT STEM extension, the H-1B visa program is the main avenue for foreign-born individuals with U.S. degrees to stay in the U.S. to work in the STEM field. Yet, the H-1B visa program only sets aside 20,000 visa numbers for individuals who have earned a Master's degree, or above, at a U.S. university. This has led to an immigration policy which selects the best and brightest by random lottery, not by merit. 

Many opponents of expanding the period of OPT seek to pit native-born workers against their foreign-born colleagues. But, in fact, workers do not compete against each other for a fixed number of jobs. The United States has created a dynamic and powerful economy, and immigrants of all types and skills, from every corner of the globe, have worked with native-born workers to build it. Skilled immigrants' contributions to the U.S. economy help create new jobs and new opportunities for economic expansion. Indeed, foreign-born students who graduate with an advanced degree in STEM fields from U.S. universities positively impact the U.S. economy and employment opportunities of native-born workers. 

The most dramatic gains in U.S. employment come from immigrants who earned advanced degrees at US universities and are employed in STEM fields. Changing temporary immigration policies, such as by expanding the OPT period to 17 months, to favor holders of advanced degrees from U.S. universities in STEM fields is an obvious step given the demand for highly skilled workers and the extensive investment the country already makes in such students. Without a clear path to stay in the United States, these foreign students will fuel innovation and economic growth in countries that compete with the American economy. 

With this letter, I urge you to support the U.S. economy by extending the period of OPT by 17 months for F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees through a new rule submitted for proper notice and comment by February 12, 2016. 

Thank you for your consideration, time, and support in this matter. 

Sincerely,

Saranya Kapur
