Anonymous Anonymous 11/19/2015

Ms. Katherine Westerlund
Policy Chief (Acting)
Student and Exchange Visitor Program
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement
500 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20536

Re: Comments on Proposed Rule: Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students

80 Fed. Reg. 63375 (October 19, 2015)
Docket ID: ICEB-2015-0002


Dear Chief Westerlund:

I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students," published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

As an international student in the USA, I received my masters degree for Computer Science in May, 2014. I have thereafter, worked in this country and grown even more. The opportunity provided to students under the OPT program and furthermore under the STEM extension program to work after receiving their degree gives real-world experience and helps nurture everything they learned by studying in the USA.

In these past couple of years, I have met several brilliant individuals from all around the world who are either born with amazing skills or have developed them studying hard in this land of dreams. Sadly, i also know a lot of them, just like me, whose employers were not able to obtain h1-visas. If the STEM extension is removed, we will not even have another chance to try for the lottery. Extending the STEM to 24 months provides more chances for us to apply. Even if we do not obtain a visa in that period, it gives us a lot of real-life experience in using our skills, which means a lot taking back home.

I would also like to point that if the new STEM rule with 24 months extension is applied, It would be a huge disappointment if students would instead only be able to remain for 12 months due to a delay in rulemaking. Therefore, the following options should be considered to best address STEM students already in OPT: First, any application for OPT STEM extension received by USCIS but not yet adjudicated prior to vacatur should be kept on hold until the new rule is in place. Second, any student already approved for a 17-month extension should be allowed to continue employment based on the approved OPT STEM extension. 

With this letter, I urge you to support the U.S. economy by implementing this new rule by February 12, 2016. Thank you for your consideration, time, and support in this matter.

Sincerely, 
Anonymous
