Vess Tomin, Morgan Stanley 
I strongly agree with OPT extension policy. 
1.OPT and extension policy could help attract global best students coming to US. Although we have best quality education and good university environment, that would not be enough to attract best people. UK, German, Japan and other developed countries also have top ranking university with less tuition and living cost. Without OPT and extension policy, large amount of excellent international students would choose other countries to receive education, instead of US. What makes US university education different is that we have good policy- OPT and extension. It allows those hard working students to achieve their personal goal in US. Those best students could enter wall street finance company, calculating and building complicated financial model with more accuracy. They could also come to silicon valley technology companies to program and implement more creative products. If they could bring much more revenue to the company and US society, why would we compel them?
2.Some local citizen may hold narrow view that we should expel them. They are very selfish and short sighted. In the age of information and technology, not only America, many countries like UK, Japan, German, Canada, China need large amount of best engineer, researchers and scholar. Lets take technology for example. Although our market is big, we are still lacking those excellent and efficient engineer. Many technology companies, like Google, Facebook, Amazon, would like to recruit some excellent software engineer with good knowledge of machine learning, clouding computing and big data. If we let those good students majoring in science and technology return to their own country, their country companies would benefit a lot. Best engineer would make contribution to their country technology development. It would be huge loss to US if we abandon OPT extension policy. 
3.We could integrate those best engineer, scholar and researchers. If they stay in US after graduation, they could bring more revenue to US companies, paying more tax to the government, make more contribution to America. Without extension, the advantage and value of OPT would also pale. One year is so short and thus many companies would not like to recruit excellent foreign students since company like employee to stay longer, work in the long term.

To sum up, we need to support OPT and extension policy.
