I strongly support this new STEM OPT Extension rule. I'm an international Master student who just graduated and started to work as a Software Developer in St. Louis with OPT. 

Firstly, I decided to come to U.S. for Masters because both of my family and I think U.S. is more inclusive with the 29 months' OPT period to learn and grow up. Nowadays, according to my knowledge, European countries and Canada are also changing their strategies to attract more international students to contribute their education and economies. One of my friend decided to go to EPFL because of low tuition fees; another talented friend of mine decided to go to University of Toronto because it offered him full awards. So, if U.S. can't guarantee an attractive OPT extension policy, I am afraid more students would choose other countries, which would definitely affect American economies.

Secondly, I believe this OPT extension rule can benefit more for Americans. International students also need to pay taxes, apartments rent, food, and services. This would definitely stimulate American economies to grow and prosper. For example, my family has invested 100 thousands dollars for my education in U.S. And the money I paid all goes to American economies.

And DHS offers many conditions for OPT extension: employers must be E-verified; employers must first guarantee Americans working opportunities, etc. So many rules have already made working in U.S. difficult enough, if a student can stay, we can say he must be good enough to contribute more to the country, so why not extend their stay and benefit more for both?

As I'm a Chinese STEM student and was born and living there, I would return back China eventually. Before then, I'd like to apply what I learned from US university to U.S. high-tech industry development. If I have about 3 years work experience in U.S., I would be competitive in the job market of China. That's why this new OPT rule would benefit both US high-tech industry and international STEM 