Jacqueline Haring DHS Docket No. ICEB - 2015-002

To whom it may concern,

I was very pleased when I read the recent proposed OPT STEM extension legislation. I think it was written reasonably with the various stakeholders in mind.

I was glad to see a provision for employer training and mentoring programs (section V.D) , although that may turn into a barrier for graduates working with small employers who view this as a staffing burden. Nonetheless, such a provision should enhance the overall work experience of our graduates.

I believe 24 months of STEM extension employment would be an improvement to the educational experience for students (section III.B). Students can acquire substantial work experience over 36 months (total including the initial period of OPT) assuming there's little unemployment.

I was also relieved to see that students would report changes in name, address, and employer info. (name and address) directly to DHS (III.B). It's very difficult to get graduates to keep in touch with us after graduation since we don't have much of a carrot to dangle. The longer they are out (post-college), the more difficult this becomes. This proposed requirement makes worlds of sense!

As for students submitting an evaluation of his or her STEM OPT every six months to their DSO (V.D.), I am not sure that all DSO's are qualified to assess if graduates are truly meeting their goals. I sometimes have just a basic understanding of what students are doing likely because both of my degrees are in the social sciences. I don't believe such a designation is appropriate for many administrative employees of colleges and universities. I also know that students will not consistently meet this requirement. It's been burdensome to comply with the validation reporting requirements since students often don't stay in touch with us, regardless of requirements. I'd urge DHS to please reconsider this provision.

Finally, I wholeheartedly support a second period of STEM OPT being available to students who obtain a second qualifying STEM degree (V.B). I also think it's very wise to allow students to work in the field of a previously earned qualifying degree, providing that the degree is from an accredited institution and the work would be directly related to that STEM major (V.F). I appreciate the flexibility this provision demonstrates. Both provisions acknowledge our need to remain competitive in this global education market as well as the gaps in the US labor market.

Please let me know if you have any questions.

Sincerely,
Jacqueline Haring, PDSO
Franklin & Marshall College

