Filippos Theodorakis Google, AT&T, Goldman Sachs, Instagram, eBay, Comcast, Yahoo!, Nordstrom, Colgate, Pfizer, Procter & Gamble, Intel, Tesla.

You know what all these companies have in common? They had an immigrant or international student founder!

This proposed rule is a step towards the right direction. However it creates a gap for workers that affect the US economy the most; entrepreneurs. Foreign entrepreneurs are a key part of the US economy that many studies prove. Here are some numbers:

- 1/3 of public US companies with venture backing have an immigrant founder.
- 38% of the foreign entrepreneurs come as international students.
- Immigrant entrepreneurs create 600k jobs mostly in the US.

Self employed students entrepreneurs that stay after graduation to build their own companies, invest foreign money to build their startups here. Many of those founders end up being very beneficial to the US economy, and even the ones that don't end up succeeding do not harm the US economy.

The proposed rule creates a grey zone for self employed entrepreneurs when it comes to reporting and training requirements.

The following items are mostly not applicable for self employed entrepreneurs
- Mentoring and Training Plan Form (no supervisor, possibly no compensation, no formal description of a program) 
- Evaluation Form every 6 months (no employer employee relation)

Rejecting such students could cause the US to miss out on all those students that have been educated by the best US universities but cannot start a company in the US, help the US economy, and create hundreds of thousands of jobs in the US. Missing out on those people would be a mistake, so I propose the rule be amended to accommodate this very important set of students.

Proposed changes:
It's seems to me that unnecessary bureaucratic burden is being imposed on schools and employers. According to http://www.gao.gov/assets/670/661192.pdf 0.03% of STEM OPT students do not have their employer reported. The US authorities could easily investigate any of them at any time. So I would suggest

Option #1:
Self employed entrepreneurs should comply with all current OPT STEM requirements (establishing legal company, registering with E-Verify, paying taxes) but should not be required to submit the Mentoring and Training Plan Form and Evaluations Forms since they do not apply to them.

Option #2:
Alter both the Mentoring and Training Plan Form and Evaluation Form for such individuals to describe the progress of the startup for reporting for self-employed entrepreneurs. As described above some of the items in the forms do not apply for self employed entrepreneurs and can be altered. For example replace the following:

supervisor -> co-founder/employee/investor/board member/client to provide the necessary information for proof of work.
program description -> startup description
compensation -> investment

I still support removing the Mentoring and Training Plan Form and Evaluation Form because it stiffens employment authorization for highly educated and skilled individuals and imposes burdens to DSO. However if that is not possible please don't create more hurdles for international students entrepreneurs who start a company in the US, help the US economy, help the US stay competitive in the world, create jobs, and share the american dream.
