Yuan Zhou I am a f-1 student, a foreigner, and I STRONGLY support this extension. Here is my opinion.
Absolutely, many alien students like me thinks we can obtain benefits from this extension.
Now, I will comment from the angle from the people from United States.
At first, this extension is the CORE competence when international students to choose a country to study at least it is true for myself. I am a Chinese and there are more and more teens plan to go outside to study. Going to United States always become one of the best choices, comparing to other countries, because we think OPT can give us a pretty good chance to practice and gain experience of the professional knowledge. This extension, obviously, will attracts more students come to United States. The competencies is more intense, means two excellent benefits for education. Firstly it means that the quality of the international students will much better than before, very helpful for the colleges' development and the overall quality among the world. Secondly international students always bring a good financial resources for the colleges to develop themselves. 
Secondly, for the whole development for society of United States. The students belong to STEM majors usually have many different technical skills. It is obvious to see the wealth created by those people, such as there are a lot of engineers in those IT companies. Some people from America may thinks that those foreigners grabs their money and opportunities. For that I want to say if the government cancels the OPT extension just because they want to protect those 'lazy' people, it is totally short-sighted. Besides the direct wealth come from us, we also improve the overall quality of citizens, helpful for America to become a 'high-quality' people's country.
So now I need to talk about the immigration. Comparing to 17-month extension, I am very sure this 24-month extension will decrease the application of Green Card, at least for myself. And it also decreases the pressure for H1B's apply. We do not need to worry about the draw, instead it is pretty good for us to make a long-term plan for life. For me, I can plan earlier to find a good position in China and do the things as plan.
Why so many organizations worry about the talented people who will bring positive influence, both in education and the whole society? As we can see, these benefits can make a virtuous circle, always bring United States positive feedback in many years. Rather than spending time to catch out us, why you do not pay attention to those non-legal immigrants?
