The proposed rule for extending the OPT intense by 24 months is necessary for both the foreign students and U.S. nationals and economy. Also, the provision for extending F-1 status and any current employment authorization until October 1 of the fiscal year for which such H-1 B visa has been requested is necessary for students and employees to maintain a valid work authorization status while they wait for their H1-B.

The STEM extension is essential because students gain valuable practical knowledge that supplements the knowledge that they gained from their academics. Often times the practical knowledge gained from 12 month OPT period is not enough to gain sufficient functional knowledge. Hence the proposed 24 month OPT extension is required so that students are able to complete their training, projects research etc and are ready to excel in their field.

The rule also guards agains the adverse effects on U.S. Workers. The rule mandates that the employer who is employing someone with a STEM extension would not lay off or terminate the employment of a U.S. worker due to the employment of the foreign national. It also makes provisions that the employer would have duties, hours and compensation commensurate with that a similarly placed U.S. worker. This would ensure that there are no adverse effects on the jobs of U.S. national as a result of this rule. Also, it mandates that the employer has work that further the knowledge gained by the student. This would ensure and cut down on the number of illegally working foreign nationals. 

The rule correctly recognizes the effect of foreign students on the U.S. economy. Students made a net contribution of $26.8 billion to the U.S. economy in 2013-2014 academic year. Foreign students specifically result in a huge benefit for the public colleges and universities in terms of the tuition paid as compared to in-state students.

The rule correctly recognizes that by earning a functional understanding of how to apply their knowledge i