Lutao Xie Dear Sir/Madam,

I'm a Chinese student in my last year of pursuing my master degree in Computational Engineering at MIT. I'd really appreciate it if the proposal of allowing the 24 month OPT extension for F-1 STEM students could be passed. 

There are a large number of advantages of passing such proposal, which for example, are listed below:

1. I do believe that, with the extension, STEM students will be able to make more/sufficient contributions to the US tech industry. The companies will most likely train the new graduates for about 8 to 12 months at first, and they definitely don't want to lose such resources afterwards. If students were to have such extensions, they will be able to stay longer and actually do work for companies after training (even if they didn't get the H1B visa).

2. The extension won't affect the immigration situation since the quota for H1B petition is not changing anyway, while students can stay longer and work for companies. Students can gain sufficient work experience and at the same time, the companies can get the work done efficiently.

3. Because of the reasons listed above, students who got educated in US universities will be provided with the opportunities of applying what they have learned in school to the development of US industry( which is in high demand of people in STEM majors nowadays), if they were to have such 24 month extension. 

4. In addition, the domestic consumption of international students in general is very helpful for U.S.'s GDP growth; lots of international students in STEM are very interested in start-ups (at least it's very popular at MIT, at MIT 64% of the graduate students are international students. We'd really love to apply what we obtained from our research in the real world). This can actually create lots of job opportunities, and at the same time help with innovations and the development of technology in U.S. without doubt; While the STEM international students are working for the U.S. tech companies, they can definitely help with the diversity of this country. 

I believe that the advantages of approving such proposal goes far beyond what are mentioned above. Sometimes my friends would make such jokes to me when we go to Chinatown: why doesn't the country keep you people here for longer time instead of those who paint our nails. No offense but I think it's quite a fair statement.

Thanks and best,
Lutao

