I fully support this proposed rule. This country has been built by hard-working immigrants from all over the world and absolutely needs to continue to embrace diversity. As a fellow American, I feel ashamed to see some of the xenophobic comments posted here. 

Here is some facts:

About 25 percent of the U.S. scientific workforce consists of foreign-born scientists, in both industry and academia. But this statistic understates the crucial role these scientists play in sustaining U.S. preeminence in basic research. A better number is 49 percent: foreign scientists fill nearly half of the mid-level positions that make up the backbone of the scientific labor force at U.S. research universities. These journeyman scientists, known as postdocs, are highly trained researchers who work in temporary positions for relatively low pay. Most higher-level jobs in scientific research require some postdoctoral experience after graduate school, so university faculty can easily staff their labs with well-trained, newly minted Ph.D.-holders who will work for a few years at a relatively low salary, in exchange for career mentorship. Together with the graduate students, postdocs handle the test tubes, write the computer code, and author many of the research papers. Without postdocs, much of the science produced in U.S. labs would not get done.

It is time to stop being narrow-minded and selfish. STEM students (American or foreign) contribute a great deal to scientific advancements in this country. Limiting opportunities for any STEM students would certainly have a negative impact on the prosperity of this country. 

In addition, last time I checked, anyone working legally in the US has to pay taxes whether he or she is a US resident or not. Therefore, the argument of foreign STEM workers not contributing to US economy or tax system is simply false.

By the way, while we are on the topic of immigration, what are we doing about unskilled and potentially dangerous illegal immigrants crossi