I abdolutely SUPPORT the ruling for the new 24-month extension for STEM OPT, for the following three reasons.

1. Qualified international students majoring in STEM subjects should stay longer in the country as this can continously boost the technological and economic development of the U.S. Additionally, U.S. has a long history of immigration history since before the Declaration of Independence. Out immigration friendly policy makes the country strong and thriving for decades if not centuries. The dominating status of the U.S. in the world in science and technology nowadays is largely owing to the contribution made by thousands of prior immigrants in STEM coming from all over the world. Without their contribution, a lot of domestic industrial and technological development could not have been possible. For example, Professor Jayant Baliga from NCSU was an Indian immigrant in the 1970s, who made dramatically contribution in the power industry, which results in huge cost savings to consumers, and reduction of world-wide carbon dioxide emissions. More detailed information can be found in the following link:
http://spectrum.ieee.org/semiconductors/devices/how-b-jayant-baliga-transformed-power-semiconductors

2. The diversity of the society is indispensable . Only by enriching the diversity can this country absorb the essence of various cultures and maintain public voices from different perspectives. And the exchange of ideas and thoughts is good for the U.S. and eventually good for our human beings. Diversity of cultures can also prevent biased or partial collective opionions and behaviors in this country.

3. Some argue that those international students create intensively bad competition for Americans, which is not true. In fact, healthy competition is a good thing in a long run. The competion can push majority of our citizens to enhance and increase their skills and gives our companies more choices so as to maintain their power. As we know, citizens already have a natu