I certainly agree that the F-1 foreign students with STEM degrees should be eligible for the extended OPT opportunities.
While some negative comments claimed that the government of the United States is wasting money from the social welfare and medicine on the foreign employees, they certainly neglect the positive contributions from these foreign employees, especially on the field of social welfare and medical technology.
As a chemistry student specializing in medicinal chemistry and pharmaceutical technology, I am greatly to have the opportunity to receive my degree in the United States. It is uncountable that the United States has the most innovative and advanced science level in the world. However, these scientific progresses cannot become something usable and helpful to everyone without the interpretation of scientists. When I was doing my internship in a pharmaceutical company this summer, I saw thousands of foreign employees like me who devoted that night and days by the benches and tested on all these new molecules and available drugs for rare diseases. As one of the many, I came to the United States to gain my knowledge and gradually started to dream about bringing better life quality and healthier life to everyone in the world. The science we have learnt and worked on for years would be meaningless if we couldn't turn it into real treatment to help the patients. The earth of equal and justice offer us with the opportunity to make our dream come true, as the pharmaceutical companies in the United States spend the most amount of money in drug and medical research compare to the rest of the world. We foreign employees have the opportunity here to turn the science into real medicine and medial technology. In fact, the United States also has the fastest pace in medicine and medical technology innovation. 
However, if we don't get the chance to work in the United States, we, as well-trained scientists, would have to go back to our own countries, which are mostly d