This proposal should be highly supported due to following reasons.

1. US attracts foreign higher education pursuers to come not only just because of supreme research resources, world-class institutions and marketable environment, but also due to the reasonable regulations that allow those students, scholars and academic organizations to stay and strengthen their competency and training via industry, especially in emerging STEM fields. There are a number of other countries that do have one of the best educational resources and fame for advanced technology including UK, Australia and Japan, yet they, to a large extent, purely enforce the endurance of education within campus and institutions without giving adequate space for scholars to practice in local real-world industry - this is the main reason why most people nowadays are not willing to go to those countries to seek better educational opportunities. International students and scholars contribute unignorable amount of funding to US universities, educational organizations and institutes every year. If OPT STEM is further weakened, I could foresee a dramatic decrease of students and scholars to come to US for higher education in the future, inevitably leading to a huge loss in such areas and negatively impacting US educational systems.

2. Many post-graduated students and scholars are now holding OPT STEM visa working as core members for some best engineering and technology companies (like, Google, Facebook, Amazon, Merck, etc.) in US. Abolishing OPT STEM will immediately nullify such workforce in these companies, resulting in a blank period giving rise to unimaginable loss in some of the most important realms supporting US economy and research today, which we can hardly afford. This blank period cannot be reinstalled with US citizen workforce immediately and without compromising the market and those companies' interests.

3. Another point I would like to bring up is, there is rarely a way that OPT STEM will truly 