YES I STRONGLY SUPPORT THIS RULE TO BE IMPLEMENTED because it is harmless to any sector of the US community and it is very beneficial to the US economy. Following are the supportive reasons for my stand.
1. It mainly benefit international student , because students have come across to USA leaving their country by investing huge amount of money to learn some quality and hands on experience in the field of related technology. 24 months of initial course of experience gives them training and required necessary knowledge they have acquired in their respective degrees in the US universities. I would also recommend to improve this training period more than 24 months if possible because to it will be a very short period to assume student will gain all the necessary hands on training in such a vast field of technology where skills set grows and changes every day.
2. This rule if implemented ,also hugely benefits US government and its economy ,because every international student will choose to come to USA only leaving other countries in the world like UK,Germany,Australia where there is a similar opportunity growing in engineering field. Each international student will pay tuition fees of minimum $40K dollars excluding living expenses. Every term minimum of 300 -400 students join each university. If we calculate the total income all the US universities gain per year form only international students ,will make huge impact on US economy. This will in-turn benefit all the citizen of the country.
3. This rule if implemented will not take away any kind of job opportunities from local americans because, the stated proposed rule has made very clear that, employers should give equal opportunity in considering native americans for the jobs as well and also healthy competition always increases growing potential of individual, which will improve intellectual standard of local americans in competing with international students rather than sending them back from USA.
Large number of top 