Srinath Pinnaka The Honorable Jeh Johnson
Secretary of Homeland Security
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rule Making (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I am an international graduate student at the Missouri University of Science and Technology. 60% of MS&T graduate students are international students and a vast majority of those are in the United States on F-1 visas. I and many of my colleagues will be strongly affected by the Proposed Rule.

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. Im particularly excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months.
I am planning to use OPT after graduation and I am glad my international colleagues are able to gain practical training experience in the US because of the global exposure I get in my field of Computer Networking.
OPT and OPT extension is important to be because I am quite fresh out of college and very brief period of 12 months doesn't gonna help me in gaining enough experience for my degree. Hence I prefer the extension for 24 months where I get more freedom to work on wide variety of things.

I am very concerned with the possibility that the ability of students to make use of the STEM OPT Extension might be disrupted by recent court actions, upcoming court actions, and delays in this rule making process. I commend DHS for working quickly to prepare this new Proposed Rule.

However I strongly suggest to include interdisciplinary programs as well for the OPT Extension.

I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to F-1 students.

God Bless America !!!

Best regards,

Srinath
Missouri University of Science and Technology
