Hao Tian I strongly support the extension of OPT.
For the OPT extension, we all know it brings much benefits to US employers and international students, not only for the company's global strategy, but also leveraging the quality of their employees because of the high competitive. From an international student's standpoint, it extends the eligible working period after graduation and gives their more opportunity to experience working at US. Meanwhile, I have to say it is also a very beneficial policy for both American students. I do not think American students will have more opportunity if there is no OPT extension. From employer's point view, they are seeking for employee who is able to bring the most value to them. Not because you are a US citizen, they will select you. The world is able to run without any of us. Think about that today the world is connecting so closely, even though without OPT extension, the employer can try to provide work visa or other immigration process for international students if the employer think it is worth. Or even the employer will move their factory/lab/office to other country just because of losing employee by the cancelation of OPT extension to. So my point is we may live in the same country or may not, but all live in the same world! We will be the competitors to each other for the same position some day. US students/citizens should improve their own skills/experience, rather than just advocating to cancel OPT extension. Only you become stronger, you will have the select option and will be able to survive in the modern world. Otherwise, you won't gain anything if you keep thinking you will get hired without the OPT extension. This is just from employment and self-improvement standpoint. There are more reasons for OPT extension from historical as well as cultural views. I am not going to address them since i think every one is aware of those big things more or less. 
So I do think it will be a significant step to extend the OPT and I cannot support more for the OPT extension.
