Dear Ms.Westerlund:

I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICS's Proposed Rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students," published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

I am glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule. The OPT STEM extension should be retained for the benefit of STEM graduates.

The proposal to reinstitute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. This experiential learning will allow the OPT students to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in a professional setting. STEM graduates should be given more opportunity to gain valuable applied experience and make connections in professional fields they are considering for career paths. The additional OPT time will provide them with more broad exposure to industries and organizations to aid in personally developing and exploring career possibilities as well as creating a professional network. These benefits also will encourage future international students to join STEM programs in the U.S. and allow U.S. companies to remain competitive globally.

In order to be a meaningful learning experience, a 24-month extension combined with the initial 12 month OPT period is the appropriate duration to allow me to meet my planned learning goals and allow for active reflection on I am accomplishing throughout the experience. Students with up to 36 months of practical training can be assigned more challenging projects that better complement academic programs and career interests.

With this comment, I urge you to support the U.S. economy by implementing this new rule by February 12, 2016. Thank 