Wenxin Wu I am an OPT students and I support this proposal to extend OPT extension up to 36 months.

I see many comments saying we OPT students take American jobs. I dont think so. I guess many American citizens claim this dont even know what STEM majors are or what OPT students situations are in job searching.So I want to tell my story.

My major is Financial Mathematics, one of STEM major which is qualify for OPT extension. There were 26 master students in my class and only 2 of them were American. One found a job in a software company for tutoring Mat-Lab before graduate. The other was a part-time student, he had job anyway. Therefore, even we had higher GPA, they had natural advantages over us, they spoke native English and they were citizens.

For the rest 24 international students, about 1/2 went back directly after graduating, they didnt bother to apply any OPT. For other 12 students, we stayed and tried to find a job or internship, it was not for money, we were willing to do unpaid internship for big companies, because it was just for a better resume in the future when coming back. 4 of us found unpaid internships and went back after 3 or 4 months when internship ended. And 8 people left to continue apply for a job. In last one year, 5 of them went back so disappointed since they have searched for so long and got nothing. The most disappointing thing was that when they filled need H1B or on OPT, their resumes would be automatically deleted by companies computer systems, obviously they didnt like to take the risk to hire a possible short-term employee.

At last, 3 of us found jobs. I must say this, we find job because we are really good. All three of us have 4.00 GPA and one has 5 years experience in a big bank before going to USA. I practice English every day and try my best to live like an American, this is how I can find a job. I passed all three levels of CFA exam in last three years and developed a product for my company this year with my team. This product can be sold to many companies and the price is 70,000 per year per company.

Therefore, what I want to claim is that we cant steal Americans job considering how hard it is for us to find a job. And if we could find one, it is because we really fit the position and can create value for our companies. For 24 students, only top 3 could stay to serve USA, it is no reason to say no to us.

