I support this rule and people who objected this rule may not consider the contribution those F-1 visa workers make in the long-run to US economy. 

I understand that this rule only makes difference to STEM students who have 1 year work experiences. If this rule is not approved, foreign college graduates in STEM can still find jobs within one year. But after one year they leave, taking the technology and work experience to the competitor countries of the United States. Some European countries are now facing crisis. The one difference between US and Europe is that US was created and developed by mostly foreigners--immigrants from Europe, Asia and other continents.

Based on macroeconomics(as shown in attachment), the aggregate supply will increase by lower paid labor supply and promote the US GDP growth. By growing its GDP, the United States will return more job opportunities to domestic workers and the inflation is more controlled than that if US GDP drops. If the United States lose tens of thousands of experienced foreign workers, it endangers its economic growth and may come to GDP recession. In the long-run, losing foreign workers may cause US people to pay higher prices for commodity, buy services and products from foreign countries for higher prices, less real money in the money market, equity and house prices drop which lead to decreased wealth, jeopardize exporting etc.. After those foreign workers go back to their own country, they will help other countries to grow which is no good to the US. Not approving this rule and let foreign workers go home may cause more US citizen to lose jobs in the long-run as the US economy worsens, only to benefit less US citizens.

Most of the foreign workers pay more than one fourth of their salaries for taxes. And they're at the same time consumers which helps US business to sell more to increase the aggregate demand, therefore further increase US GDP. 

If the US government is smart, it could calculate how much the nearly 20