What we have learned from the rapid development of United States (especially if we compare with Europe in recent decades) is the variety of immigrants. Immigrants are in almost every leading industry of America, from Silicon Valley to Hollywood, from sports to Wall Street. 

Bringing the greatest minds, regardless of where they are from. America's openness and freedom in technology towards most talented people over the world, is one important factor that this country has become, and is maintaining the leader of the world for science and technology. First railway, first computer, first atomic bomb, first moon landing... foreigners are behind every influential projects of this country, making their contributions. America has selected them, and they have selected to become American.

Foreigners are making contribution to America's STEM industry. Many talented people in STEM fields are not born in this country. Elon Musk, founder of Uber, is from South Africa. CEO of Google and Microsoft are from India. One founder of Garmin GPS is from Taiwan. Even though a large percentage of talented founders and senior managers of outstanding companies are Americans, many of them are still born and raised in immigrant families. The intelligence reserve is a significant factor of core competence for a nation. If we are thinking of this country's future, it is better to attract more smart, foreign students to work and live in United States.

Many Americans are concerned, about the competition of foreign workers brings to local job market. I would like to say, based on my own experience in job seeking, foreign students confront much more restriction and limitation. When applying for technical roles, we face a much higher hiring bar. Almost all tech-related jobs that are filled by foreign students are because of the real need in the market that can not be filled with local students. As an example of IT industry, Facebook, Google, Apple, Uber all have launched recruitment in China and In