Vinay Krishnan October 19, 2015

As an international student from India who will benefit from this regulation, I am thankful to the staff and Secretary of the Homeland Security Department (DHS) for promulgating this regulation in a timely manner. Please note the following comments.

[Supplementary Information, Section III A] I support the proposal by DHS to reinstate the OPT STEM Extension in response to the judgment issued on August 12, 2015 by the U.S. District Court in the case of Washington Alliance of Tech. Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security. I further hope that the final rule, following the period of public comments and review by the Office of Management and Budget (OMB), will be published at least 60 days before the date of vacatur indicated in the courts judgment, i.e., the final rule be published in the Federal Register 60 days before February 12, 2016. This would allow time for review by Congress and the Government Accountability Office (GAO), so that the final rule will take effect by February 12, 2016.

[Supplementary Information, Section III B] I support the proposal by DHS to increase the period of OPT STEM Extension from 17 months to 24 months. Further, I also support the proposal to provide an additional OPT STEM Extension of 24 months for earning a second STEM degree of higher educational level. This regulation implies that if an international student on F-1 visa earns a qualifying STEM Masters and Doctoral degree from an accredited U.S. university, he or she would be eligible for a total of 6 years of practical training in their selected area of study. As a result, the student will be able to obtain valuable work experience and STEM skills, which might not be readily available in the home country of the student.

[Supplementary Information, Section III B] The proposed rule by DHS requires students and employers to implement a formal Mentoring and Training Plan that would be submitted to the Designated School Official (DSO) before the OPT STEM Extension is granted. Further, every six months, the student is required to provide the DSO with an evaluation of his or her progress towards the training goals agreed upon. While this requirement is made in good faith, I note that there could be several reasons due to which the training goals might change. For example, the employing company might stop working on a project that was expected to increase the participating students STEM skills, and instead, request him or her to work on different project of similar nature. Therefore, the Mentoring and Training Plan must not require the student and employer to be overly specific regarding the training goals, and how progress towards them would be measured, because the projects and opportunities provided to the student might evolve or change with time.

[Supplementary Information, Section III B] I support the proposal by DHS to include the 2008 Interim Final Rules (73 FR 18944) Cap-Gap provision, under which the DHS would temporarily extend an F-1 students duration of status and any current employment authorization if the student is a beneficiary of a timely filed H1-B petition and requests a change of status.

[Supplementary Information, Section V B] I support the transitional measure proposed by DHS to allow a subset of students already on a 17-month OPT STEM Extension to take advantage of the proposed 24-month OPT STEM Extension by requesting the remaining 7 months of employment authorization up to 120 days before the end of the students 17-month OPT STEM Extension period. DHS has estimated that this proposal will benefit up to 18,210 students.

[Supplementary Information, Section V B] Please clarify that, according to the proposed rule by DHS, if a students 17- month OPT STEM Extension period has begun, or will begin, before the date of vacatur of the 17-month OPT STEM Extension, and the 17-month practical training period is expected to conclude after the date of vacatur, then such students may continue to undergo practical training after the date of vacatur and remain employed until the end of the 17-month OPT STEM Extension period accorded to them.

To summarize, I strongly support this proposed regulation, and hope that it will be published as a final rule in the Federal Register in a timely manner, without incorporating significant changes. I note that if the final rule does not take effect before the date of vacatur of the current 17-month OPT STEM Extension, up to 34,000 students who are currently taking advantage of this provision will be forced to resign from the current employment and depart the United States.
