Gopi Jayaprakash Expanding the OPT STEM program will undoubtedly be beneficial to the US Economy. International students, many of whom are pursuing STEM Degrees, are attracted to American universities because of the possibility of gaining some experience after graduation. US attracts some of the smartest students from around the world who are willing to pay some of the highest tuition rates in the world to be part of the American Education system. Without a OPT STEM program, students will not have the incentive to spend exorbitant tuition rates to come here. US will loose billions of dollars in tuition from international students. 
Furthermore, international students pay most, if not all, of the taxes without reaping any benefits from the social security system. These students are responsible and law-abiding individuals who are working on some of the most path breaking research and fastest growing companies/startups. They are contributing to the US Economy's growth and without expanding the program and with increased difficulty of obtaining an H1B, US will be loosing the next big Sunder Pichai or Satya Nadella. This country was built on immigrants and discouraging international students who worked hard and legally came to the US will be ironic. 
There is enough research evidence that proves that international students are a boon rather than a bane. Every non-american working creates at least one more job for an American. The whole notion of OPT STEM student stealing a job from from an American is false. Given the same qualifications, companies will prefer to recruit an American over a non-American any day given the amount of resources needed to keep an international student employed. Improving the STEM OPT will prevent any exploitation of the system that is of concern to some. International students help the US Economy grow which will only creates more jobs for Americans not steal jobs from Americans. 
Finally, given US is in the forefront of technology, it is imperative that it plays a role in training students from developing countries who can go back to their own countries and improve lives. Beyond economic value, we are all human and we need to ensure that everyone grows and develops in this world and this includes encouraging international students from around the world to come to US to study and train for a few years before taking the knowledge back to their home country. 

