As an international student, I'd like to make a support on OPT-extension from my own perspective, which I believe is also critical to the industry of the states. Here're my points.

1. If, assume if the OPT could not extend at this time, it should not have an impact on current students and the students who are applying for US universities. As far as I know, for many international students, including me, OPT extension was a major consideration that led our preference to US universities other than those of other countries when we were applying. Thus, if OPT extension became invalid unexpectedly, it would terribly hurt our feeling, which I believe many students would regret not choosing an university in, like, Canada. So the point is, if this could not work out, it should take another formal and long-term process to minimize the impact on coming, current, and OPT-ing international students.

2. From the perspective of companies, they were expecting international students to work at least 2 years when hiring them. If the extension stopped unexpectedly, it'll be a great loss for companies and the industry, since companies pay a lot on hiring and then training a new-grad.

3. Do international students really have an impact on citizens at job market? I have read a lot those comments saying the impact on citizens. However I think this point is really short-sighted. Consider if all the future international students are moving from the states to other countries, I can see many "third pole" of various industries would be cultivated and developed outside the states. In this scenario, there'll be more companies competing with google, facebook, ibm and etc in the near future, which leads to a serious impact on industries in US and consequently there'll be lay-off and reducing new hires. Thus, my point is that competition will not be eliminated by driving international students away, especially in this global industry environment. So in a higher level of view, OPT extension is not