As a recent graduate student and a current employee in financial industry, I am writing in response to the proposed rule extending optional practical training for an additional 24 months for F-1 nonimmigrant students with degrees in science, technology, engineering, or mathematics (STEM) from U.S. institutions of higher education.
I fully support the extension of OPT for an additional 24 months and the extension of F-1 status for international students who are transitioning to H-1B status. I would like to summarize my arguments in the following points:
1.From an economic perspective, allowing STEM students to continue to work in US for an extended period will undoubtedly continue to push the new technological development, which creates more and more jobs for the growth of US economy. Take the new IT companies such as Google, Apple, and Microsoft for instance, F-1 STEM students from all over the world to do innovative work so that these companies are generating lots of profits that benefit common US investors, where consequently drive the economy through consumptions, transportation, and entertainment. If such period is restricted to 1 year, the US economy will observe a large outflow of young talents as they will no longer be able to obtain their H-1B by the lottery process. Without such strong support for the technological development, the economy will undoubtedly be negatively impacted and the job creations result from the new technological development will decrease.
2.From a freedom perspective, it is the import of brain powers from all over the world that makes US a great nation. Since the US was established about 400 years ago, because of its respect of freedom, people with all kinds of backgrounds, cultures and religions are living in this gods chosen world. Creative thoughts are being generated, and lots of first times of brilliant events occurred in this place, such as Transistors, Computers, Airplanes, Space Discovery, and so on. A great component of these 