Yu wang Dear Officer,

I would like to strongly support this proposal based on the following reasons:

First of all, it is quite necessary to help the international students working longer in the USA, especially the students majoring at STEM. There is a huge demanding for the high level graduate students from these majors, however, just take a quick glance at the compositions in courses such as computer science, electronic engineering, etc., it is obvious that quite few students are really US citizens. Take my class for example, there are 59 master students majoring at Computer Science in my school, however, only 2 of them are owning the US Citizenship. Can you really imagine that the companies can hire sufficient labor only from US citizens? Do a simple math, or even comparison between the figure of the students majoring at STEM and having US citizenship, and the figure that the employees the companies need, the answer is obvious.

There is an opinion that the companies can pay less to hire the foreign students. However, there is no evidence to support this at all. The real reason that the companies are willing to hire more STEM studens is simply because the companies have no many choices. As well known, the salaries for the computer science major students are even higher for the STEM students than those US Citizens. Usually, the US citizens are not quite willing to take these difficult majors. Also take my company for example, it is an American company, however, there is no US citizen in my company, simply because we could not find any US citizens with such skills.

Well, another reason, all people around world understand the essence of US--Freedom, and refuse to this propose is so ridiculous to happen in the US. Even though, I bet that every one has to admit that the most important factor for a coutry to develop is technology, which is developed by well educated people. Just imagine that the STEM students failed to work in the USA, what would they do? Almost for sure, they will go back to their own country, such as China, India, Korean, etc., and work for their local companies. Then, will this be a great deal for the USA? Do you want to have another version of FACEBOOK and GOOGLE developed by the STEM stduents in China or India? At least, these huge companies, FACEBOK, GOOGLE, TWITTER, AMAZON, etc. who hired, are hiring and will hire more and more STEM students, can make a huge amount of taxes and other contribution to the world, as well as the American Culture. Beyond this, more and more talented and skilled persons will be scary to move to the USA, since they would think that the USA government does not cherish knowledge and skill at all.

It is also very short-sight to decline this proposal, just to have more jobs available for US citiznes. The taxes and revenue created by these companies can in turn create more and more jobs for all people, including US citiznes.

Besides above, there are many other reasons that I don't have time and space to express here.

I really appreciate that the government would take my opinions into consideration.
