I think this new rule is much better than the previous one, and I agree to implement this new rule. I really do not know why so many people believe this rule is harmful to our citizens, and will shrink the pool for local employees. 

While first calm down, and take a look at this new rule, American CITIZEN ARE PROTECTED BY THIS NEW RULE, no American should be removed from service because of this OPT. And the PAY WOULD NOT REDUCED because of this rule as adequate measures taken. Also this new rule restricts that there is no less pay for any of the OPT students. SO this means employers would not consider the international student for they can work at a lower pay, so actually this rule benefit American citizen more than OPT students and it PROTECT citizen employment.

I believe there are a lot of people here put the negative comments just because they misunderstood the definition between ILLEGAL and LEAGAL IMMIGRANTS/TEMPORARY WORKERS. Please understand that there is a clear and well-defined difference between ILLEGAL and LEGAL immigrants/temporary workers to fill the skilled jobs, and we should not create confusion about this rule on that basis as this is LEGAL OPT. 
Please do not deviate from this Legal OPT Concept, by citing irrelevant points of illegal migration/illegal immigration etc. Similarly in global community like US there is no such thing as foreigners being hired by employers, as everything is conducted LEGALLY in US.

I also want to tell a truth, since I know a data from website, more and more students have started to go to other countries like ENGLAND. Because, they think OPT extension may be stopped by the court in US; and in England, the education is less expensive for a Masters Degree. However, this change will make America lose more than $125000 for each Masters seat per year as tuition fees. If there are no students for Masters STEM, there will be a loss of $ 31250000000 per year to USA with 250000 proposed foreign students. Total Loss to US College