I'm a strong supporter to this policy, the reasons are as follow:

Firstly, one of the most important reasons that US higher education retains huge attraction to international students is the possibility of working in US after graduation without sponsorship. Revoking this policy will greatly discourage the motivation of potential international applicants to US universities, which will lead to a tremendous financial loss in a lot of industries, ranging from house renting, food catering and universities themselves. Remember a lot of state universities are subsidizing the local residents by charging several times higher tuition to the international students. If these universities suffer from a huge decrease of international students, then those local residents have to pay a higher tuition.

Secondly, the booming of high-tech industry relies on the contribution of international students. Immigrant-founded Fortune 500 companies employed 3.6 million workers around the world in 2011 and were responsible for more than $1.7 trillion in revenues in 2010, according to the Partnership For A New American Economy (http://www.renewoureconomy.org/sites/all/themes/pnae/img/new-american-fortune-500-june-2011.pdf). In some way, the ability for US to keep these international STEM talents contributes to its long-term job stability and economic prosperity. The myopic, xenophobic and reckless action of overturning this policy will harm American's long-term welfare by sending these international talents to its potential competitors like Germany, Japan, and China. 

Finally, as a country founded by immigrants, diversity and opportunity are the unique labels of American dream. And American dream is not only for the current American citizens but also for those prospects, painstakingly working in the STEM field, fighting for their own life, and making contributions to America. Abolishing this policy is nothing but shutting the doors to those international STEM students who also embrace an Amer