Akrati Gupta I COMPLETELY SUPPORT THE PROPOSED OPT RULE BECAUSE OF FOLLOWING REASONS: (Docket ID: ICEB-2015-0002) (RIN: 1653-AA72)
1)ECONOMIC BENEFIT TO THE UNITED STATES
Currently there are about 886,052 students studying in the United States on F-1 visa; all these students pay out of state fees to their respective universities which summed up to approximately 20 Billion dollars in year 2013-2014
Apart from paying tuition, the students also contribute economically by increasing purchasing capacity of the country by paying approximately 17 billion dollars in living and leisure expenses. 
Several of these international students turn into entrepreneurs; in year 2013-1014 340,000 new jobs openings were created by international students
International students also pay higher health insurance premiums compared to US citizens, this brings a lot of funds to the insurance company funds pool which might be a contributor to relatively lower health insurance premiums for US citizens. 
International students do not qualify for any FICA benefits so they don't pay social security taxes but that doesn't mean that government doesn't get the tax money. Employers who are employing students on OPT have to pay these taxes to the government. 
International students are active members of the community who contribute to federal tax pool. Elimination of working members of the society will also be a loss to federal government in the form of federal taxes they receive from these students. 
After 5 years of their stay in the country they have to pay FICA taxes like any other US citizen 
2)NOT ENOUGH STEM STUDENTS

There are some 40,000 computer science bachelor's degree earners each year but roughly 4 million job vacancies for computer workers. In all, the median duration of advertising for STEM vacancies is more than twice that of those in other fields.
STEM students not only belong to IT or engineering. STEM students also include physical sciences, chemistry etc. Many stem positions are open for several months before they can be filed up. So it's a complete misconception that STEM OPT students are stealing jobs. There are not enough people graduating each year to fill out existing job openings. Nearly 80% of STEM graduates (US citizens) say their degrees are very closely or at least somewhat closely related to their jobs, according to data from the Pew Research Center, a higher total than for social science, liberal arts or education majors
Moreover, the OPT STEM students are not competing with US citizen for a limited number of jobs. The job market is improving as each year goes by.

3)DIVERSITY and LEARNING
As I have observed most of the students in STEM majors are international students; these students bring new ideas and perspectives to the classroom and work places. It is interesting to learn how people do things in other countries. New ideas and new perspectives is what made America what it is today. Innovation is the key and it comes from exposure and acceptance of new ideas. 
OPT is one of the major reasons that students come to the US for higher studies. OPT gives students a chance to work with experts in their fields and learn hands on how things are done. Students do not spend thousands of dollars to sit in a classroom and listen to a lecture; they want hand on professional experience that they can take with them when they go back to their home countries. A 12 month OPT in STEM field doesn't provide them with that opportunity and that's why this proposal is so important. Nobody would hire or train a STEM student to say goodbye to them after few months, plus projects in STEM field are usually takes several months sometimes years to complete. So it is necessary and only fair that students who were promised this opportunity get this opportunity. 

Thus, for above reasons and more I STRONGLY SUPPORT THE CURRENT PRPOSED OPT STEM RULING. However, DHS might take into account that the requirement of mentoring and training program plan for students is an extra burden on employers. This might work with students who are intern or volunteers but not for students who carrying out their OPT training in the form of a full time job. Some STEM Jobs or employers do not have mentors and students learn from the work duties they perform rather than someone mentoring them. 
