Abby Liu Think twice before you say "no".

Cutting off "practical training" will not stop US colleges sending admissions to foreign students and earning big money from doing it. If you worry about the educational resources shifted from Americans to foreign kids, you are chasing the wrong tail by saying no to OPT. A foreign student pays at least 3 times of the tuition paid by a local student. Most of the foreign students are purely rich clients for US schools. Not difficult to understand how much of the tuition paid has been put into good use towards better education in the US

"Business is business" and "market is market". Every foreign student starts his/her journey in the US with a piece of admission and a receipt of thousands of dollars paid for tuition. It is a deal cut and education has become some kind of global business you believe it or not. It is a juicy deal the US wins over schools in UK, Austria and Europe. After the foreign students finish school, the admission letter they paid for will not help them secure a job at all! It will be decided by the market. The market has its inherent rule and will not pay free lunch for anyone (not mentioning there is always additional expenses paid by the employers to sponsor a foreign employee, no matter in form of OPT or anything else). So why are we giving up the brand of US education which has been built on efforts for decades and decline the deal we deserve?

That foreign student earned his/her PhD with US scholarship and now earns salary as twice much as my son does...Yes, finally you have your attention to the right target. In a short term, what these people have taken is more than what they've given to this country. However in all countries, a person with PhD and higher income is likely to be on the higher level in the society. Think of the country/empire as a pyramid. As one piece of brick is designed to be put at the higher level of the pyramid, dozens of bricks will be planned and filled to support it as a strong base. It is just like the case of a well-trained foreign student who is qualified for a position in the US more than anyone else. His/her participation in the position is likely to create more values and opportunity to the rest of the society. Just like we are building a larger pyramid, more positions are created at lower ends for more people. Feel free to refuse giving OPT to those real brilliant students who want to make contributions to the US, if you also refuse to build a bigger and stronger country so that China can eat us up in the future.
