I live in Manhattan, Kansas, the site of Kansas State University and its highly profitable Veterinary medicine program. For more than 10 years, I have prepared IRS tax filings for F-1 visa holders, some who are converted to H-1B by the university, others who find employment with the local web firm (CivicsPlus) and are then extended H-1B visas by the firm. (This small, isolated, boring town has high unemployment and primarily low-paying service jobs not requiring a college degree despite the young, poorly-prepared Kansas kids wasting $40k+ in debt to only end up working at Olive Garden or Walmart again.) 

Each of the non-US Resident family situations I know varies -- single men, married women and men whose spouses still live in their country of origin and whose children are with them, perhaps born in the US, as well as people who have spouses and children with them in the US.

I can truthfully attest that 100% of my 100+ clients (majority from China and India, a few from Central America) aim (or aimed) to immigrate to the US, achieve permanent residency and become US citizens. None are or were ever truly "non-immigrants." (Hence the attention to taxes, for 20 hr./wk of work.) The years of struggle, not leaving the country, filing paperwork with IRS and USCIS, saving money for the fees has a single aim: to become a US citizen. I have often been asked if I 'have a man,' or have a woman' the singles could simply marry. I always say, "Even asking me that is illegal."

My opinion about the OPT option is I know why it was implemented. The majority of graduate students at KSU with true non-academia job potential are foreign nationals. They staff the labs for no pay, little pay, and our tech company with flaming intelligence and eagerness for superior performance. If we send them home, we lose all that education to another country, possibly a competitive enemy. Why not keep the best and brightest here, paying for taxes and health insurance, especially if that's what they wa