I am in support of the extension, and I will try to explain my reasons briefly.

1. It is the fact that there will always be the need of foreign skilled worker in an excellent company which couldn't be denied. In this way, without the extension, companies will need to spend more resources to train and employ new people, which will not only be harmful for a long term development, but also will it consume the benefits and salaries of current employees in this less meaningful way. The international students and local workers are in two relatively parallel competing fields, which means the numbers of one kind won't affect the other's because of different roles and jobs accordingly. But the input of training new people will influence the whole companies, and decreased cost brought by the extension can benefit all staffs consequently.

2. The extension could give STEM students an option of working in the US for 3 years without consider whether staying, without apply for H1B options. It will decrease the salary gap between native workers and foreign workers, which will be more faire to all. 

3. Students studying in the US are usually supported by their families, and parents in China usually only have one child, so they are waiting their children coming back home after graduation rather than leaving them behind in China from then on. And the extension could fulfill the demands for students to work a little bit in th US as well as the parents' expectation of welcoming their sweethearts in just three years happily. 

4. As a common sense, people tend to stick with things that are hard to obtain. If staying working in the US for a while is not that difficult or full of luck (H1B), students will just go back home when 3 years are over.

5. No need to mention how the increasing international students will bring a lot of money and jobs to the US.

6. Personally, I will prefer to work in Shanghai, in China, rightly after my PHD, because there are people I love very much in China,