I strongly support this new OPT extension rule. I'm an international Mechanical Engineering PhD from China and is an engineer using OPT extension in Virginia. Before I came to US, I had multiple offers to pursue my PhD degree in US, Singapore, and Hong Kong. The most important reason I chose to study here is that US could provide me the industry training opportunity during school or after graduation in addition to its well known world class education. So OPT extension is very attractive to foreign STEM talents. If this rule is terminated by some reason, it's definitely a huge disaster to most US high-tech companies, like Google, Apple, Intel, Facebook, etc. Because they are supported by hundreds of thousands of foreign STEM talents. By just thinking about the abrupt lost of countless talents in the middle of their work as the consequence of the termination of the OPT extension policy, I believe no company can really afford that. The US high tech companies set the standard of the world. The whole world will stop or slow down by losing talents from the US companies.

I think that the new 12 months regular + 24 months extension policy is also a reasonable length for OPT program. Based on my current work experience, most large research/industry development projects would last at least 2 years or more. If the OPT extension time is too short, foreign STEM workers working on those projects would lose their VISA before the completion of the projects.

One more thing worth noticing is that the new policy has proposed to get rid of the so called grey area in the old policy such as the "volunteer job". To stay in the US becomes more competitive. Those who can still stay in the US must be outstanding, which in turn will benefit the US society and improve the diversity that the US is proud of.

As a Chinese STEM student who was born and lived there, I would return to China eventually. Before then, I'd like to apply my knowledge learned from US university to US high-tech industry