I highly recommend anyone who is seriously thinking about the proposal, whether for or against the proposed rules, to read this article - http://www.governing.com/gov-institute/voices/col-entrepreneurial-immigrants-international-students-community-development.html.

This article lists a few very good reasons why we need to consider immigration policy for America-educated international students as critical to America's future economic growth and prosperity.

"Perhaps local communities would react differently if they knew the treasure and talent that these students possess. For starters, this is not the poor international-student population from decades past, living on ramen noodles and making do without a winter coat. This is an increasingly affluent crowd, often coming from families that have accumulated great wealth in their home countries.

There are nearly 900,000 international students studying in the U.S., and they pump $27 billion into the U.S. economy each years, supporting 350,000 American jobs. It is not uncommon for an overseas family to budget $100,000 or more per year for their child's college tuition and living expenses in America.

But the real economic payoff to our cities and states happens when these students graduate and somehow find a way to stay.

First, international students often possess the kind of science-technology-engineering-math skillsets that are in high demand in an innovation-based economy. For every 100 international STEM students who remain in the U.S. after graduation, 262 American jobs are created.

Second, immigrants play an outsized role in America's innovation and startup ecosystem. In Silicon Valley, much of the tech talent is foreign-born and 50 percent of the tech companies, from Google to eBay, have an immigrant founder. Forty percent of the Fortune 500 companies were started by an immigrant or a child or an immigrant. And despite the foreign-born comprising only 13 percent of the U.S. population, 28 percent of all "main st