C X Assume OPT is only beneficial to STEM non-immigrants international students. Lost of OPT extension will cause graduate and post-graduate level education in US less attractive to international students, which in turn cause less international students seek their further education in the States, thus leading to less international tuition payment and less living expenses spent on the State's land. This could be especially detrimental to US public school, of which funding source relies very much on high international tuition payment. Then for local US students, that would mean higher college tuition and/or heavier burden on state or federal government spending on public school system. Hence, more tax should be expected by whoever is paying their tax in the States. The less living expending from the group of international students will cause a downward pressure on lodging and dining and etc industry in US, i.e. possible payment cut and downsizing in consumer and services industry. This means cancelling OPT extension has negative influence on more than just STEM skills needed or related market.

The assumption above doesn't hold. OPT extension benefits US a lot too. Those highly skilled STEM students finished their education till senior high or even college level before they receive further education in US. And during they are working under OPT/extension in US, they contribute same amount to the industry and US as those US workers do since they are producing and/or researching otherwise no company will be willing to pay them.However, US society and so US citizens benefit more from these international students, since these international students' pre-college or even pre-graduate school was already paid by tax from their home country. If US is confident about your own education system, which means you believe your society can benefit from US students after they start working even with public education or other services spent on them being counted in. Then you should be more happy with these international students,since their early education or medical insurance in early years has been already paid not by you but their own country. And they should be as competitive as US students since they survive your education system and find a job as new comers. So you should expect they can contribute as much as US worker during their work under OPT/extension. Actually if you keep them longer in the states, US is benefiting more from already paid education from them, not to mention that those who are qualified to seek their education in US are relatively winners in their home country.

24 month extension is better than 17 month extension. Many students apply for H1b sponsorship during their OPT/extension. But due to high volume for H1b, sponsorship is randomly assigned.e. Hence, longer extension and so more application opportunities for H1b reduce the chance US is losing highly skilled workers. 36 months provides company more time and opportunity to test whether the student worker is they want or not. More time means more hassle the company is going through, more investment the company is investing in the student, more lawyer fee the company is paying for the student's application for H1b and more risk the company is enduring to lose the student. I strongly believe if one company could do these for one of employee, that's absolutely not b/c s/he accept lower payment since the expense to keep the employee legal in the states is high also. But it is only because the international STEM worker is real assets for the company, the industry and so the whole US. So the third reason why I uphold the new 24 extension is b/c longer extension serves a better filter for US to keep those really talented and force US companies to think more seriously whether they should hire international STEM students. 

This section is devoted to response to some statements widely used in the negative comments. I am a PhD receiving stipend as teaching or research assistant. I still pay payroll tax to Fed and state and even city government. The only exempt is the first several thousands dollars due to international treaty. The real tax exempted should only account for 20%X8%=1.6% of total income since the exempted income only accounts for 20% of my annual stipend. And for those who under OPT/extension, their exempted income in absolute USD amounts stays the same and hence the percentage should be lowered to 10% and percentage exempted in terms of total salary should be lower than 0.8%. Extension of OPT may increase the amount of skilled international students in the market which put pressure on US workers. But international students are highly competitive workers who may help US companies expand their business so that the total job opportunities may increase a lot so that even if the percentage of all opportunities available to US workers may decrease but the absolute amount can increase! If you let them leave, they help US's competitors.
