I strongly AGREE with the proposal for 24 month-extension of STEM OPT for the following reasons:

Firstly, an important reason is the attraction of international students. I am an international student at a university of the U.S. According to my observation, over half of the students majoring STEM are international. Just like me, many of those students are attracted by the original OPT extension policy. My university is located at a small town of the Northeast. However, this small town is becoming more prosperous than any other towns nearby. One crucial reason is the growing number of international students in this town. The housing, the food, the retailing commerce has been growing fast in this town because we those international students are the major customers. It is predicable that once the STEM opt extension has been cancelled, most of the U.S universities will see has tremendous decrease in international students since the policy will be no more attractive than those of Canada, UK, Australia, or any other nations with high quality education. It is common that the families of international students invest a lot of money on their education. Many of the families buy cars or even houses for their children just in order to create an good learning environment. That's really a large amount of investigation. It is obvious that the investment will dramatically decrease if opt extension does not exist anymore.
Secondly, it is true that many international students majoring in STEM find job in the U.S., but there are still a large portion of students who cannot find job in the U.S. Employers are smart enough to hiring only the qualified person. Therefore, even the OPT is extended, those international students who are not strong enough still cannot get hired, which does not create any threat to the U.S. citizens. On the other hand, if the OPT is not extended, Most of the U.S. citizens who are not strong enough still cannot get hired by those technology companies due to the