T. Nguyen A resounding YES!

US colleges attract thousands of the brightest students from all over the world each year. Instead of sending them away to their home in countries that compete against the US after graduation, there is a wiser and more attractive option for both parties: keeping the best of the best in US to work and contribute to the nation. 

Nevertheless, the US immigration system is setting up roadblocks for even the supremely talented among these bright students to do so. The lottery system puts these students into a lamentable situation of "the luck of the draw," and whoever gets it in the end, no matter what their intellectual level, ultimately depends on whether the Luck Lady is smiling upon them or not. What this means is that unskilled students and skilled students have equal chances of staying in the US. Is it fair, then, that students who have been passionately dedicating their 4 years of colleges to cultivating and burnishing their skills get deported while a lazy play-hard kid get to stay? The prolongation of OPT, though does not close this hole, but it helps to circumvent it by facilitating opportunities for students to find a job and apply for work visa multiple times, which necessarily increases chances of winning the lottery. The American immigration system is broken and bad for not only the law-abiding talented students but also for American economy.

One biggest worry though: would this hurt US workers? The answer is NO. Statistically, most Americans do not choose to major in a STEM field. Look at the most popular majors at any US institution (with perhaps the exception of MIT, Caltech, etc.), STEM major is most likely not on the list. With the recent booming in technology, many technical firms in US, such as Google or Apple, is more likely to hire international employees, such as Indian or Chinese. Therefore, the flow of international workers into the labor market does not oust American workers but rather fills in the blank spaces created by them.
