Dear Officer,

I would like to strongly support this proposal based on the following reasons:

First of all, it is quite necessary to help the international students working longer in the USA, especially the students majoring at STEM. There is a huge demanding for the high level graduate students from these majors, however, just take a quick glance at the compositions in courses such as computer science, electronic engineering, etc., it is obvious that quite few students are really US citizens. Take my class for example, there are 59 master students majoring at Computer Science in my school, however, only 2 of them are owning the US Citizenship. Can you really imagine that the companies can hire sufficient labor only from US citizens? Do a simple math, or even comparison between the figure of the students majoring at STEM and having US citizenship, and the figure that the employees the companies need, the answer is obvious. 

There is an opinion that the companies can pay less to hire the foreign students. However, there is no evidence to support this at all. The real reason that the companies are willing to hire more STEM studens is simply because the companies have no many choices. As well known, the salaries for the computer science major students are even higher for the STEM students than those US Citizens. Usually, the US citizens are not quite willing to take these difficult majors. Also take my company for example, it is an American company, however, there is no US citizen in my company, simply because we could not find any US citizens with such skills. 

Well, another reason, all people around world understand the essence of US--Freedom, and refuse to this propose is so ridiculous to happen in the US. Even though, I bet that every one has to admit that the most important factor for a coutry to develop is technology, which is developed by well educated people. Just imagine that the STEM students failed to work in the USA, what would they do? Almost for sure, 