I'm a supporter of opt extension policy. And, I'm also an international student majored in Engineering.

Reasons for me to support this policy are not only because this policy benefit the international students, but also the whole American Society could be profited. 

First of all, the STEM policy attracting more international students choosing study in USA other than the other countries. Students like me, who're from mid-class of developing countries, choose carefully which country to study in cause study aboard would cost great fortune of their family. Some of my friends choose study in England, becasue they have shorter learning period. And they could save money through this education system. While the others choose the American cause we got this great opportunity to practice our skills learned. It is the OPT and its extension policy makes international students choose the US rather than the other country. And the tuition fee we give are proved to contribute at least 1433 billion USD in 2008, and keeps increasing afterwards. 

Second, STEM students need chances to practice their skills through real work. My colleagues who majored in Engineering usually interning in their field for a few months before they get a full time job. 12 months period is too short for STEM students to fully practice what they learnt in school. And students who graduated in spring are even hard to get a full time job within 4 months, to at least get one chance applying for H1b. The talents may lose their opportunity contributing to American ecomoic then.

Third, though more and more students could work in the US during 17 months of opt extension, without increasing the H1b quota, they won't able to immigrate to US anyway. I bring this point up cause many dissenting opinions are from people who afraid the international students will take their work chances. And I would like to say this is only imaginary fears. The only way for the international students to stay for long in the US is getting