I support the OPT extension:
1. It attracks foreign talents to the U.S and stimulates U.S. economy because of all the consumption power the foreign students are bringing in. If the extension does not pass, US will lose advantage in the education sector and other linked sectors, to countires such as the UK, Singapore, Australia, China. Other countires are strenghening their attraction to international students. Their economy are going to benefit as a result, at the expense of the US losing advantage.

2. This extension policy will not reduce the number of jobs available for US citizens, as it clearly states that only when there is no qualified US worker, an employer can then hire OPT students to fill such positions. This is a supplement to US work force, not a competition.

3. Many sectors are strongly supported by the exisitng OPT extention act, if vacated without renewal, these sectors are going to take a huge hit, existing projects that are currently generating revenues for the US will be abrupted, resulting in another economic crisis for the US as a whole due to chain reaction. The labor force for these positions are already in short supply, it will be extremely difficult to recover from such hit. US citizens are going to lose jobs if this policy does not pass. 

4. The current STEM sectors are not satuated even with the existing OPT extension act, in fact, such labor is still in demand with foreign talents hired. Taking away the foreign group of labor force will result in further decrease in production.

5. Most of the STEM sectors consist of companies that have international business. These US companies need native students who are well educated, with enough knowledge and experience in these US companies at the same time, familiar with local culture. This is another main benefit that OPT extension is currently bringing to the US. Internation trade will be hurt severly if these US graduated students are not absorbed into such US companies. OPT extension is exact