I think this rule is critical for America to keep attracting the smartest people in the world and ensure that Americas tech firms own the talents of international students, it should be supported.
Firstly, the STEM extension is a critical advantage in attracting top students from all over the world to study in U.S. Universities.

As an engineering student from a small town in India, Ishwar Meyyappan dreamed about helping his country develop its solar power capacity and in a more energy-efficient way. Studying for a graduate degree from Columbia University, Meyyappan is closer than ever to achieving his goal. In the past year and a half, hes studied how solar power works as well as the policy and business of the industry. After he graduates in December, Meyyappan plans to work at a U.S. solar panel company for a couple of years. India is five years behind the U.S. in solar technology, he said. I want to work in a solar company here and apply the the experience Ive gained back home. The chance to get that work experience was the whole point of coming here. he said. His plans are now at risk because the STEM extension is now in jeopardy. 

The Federal Courts decision to vacate STEM OPT Extension Rule on August 12, 2015 is leaving students like Meyyappan feeling betrayed. When we came in, we made a calculation about how much its going to cost us, and how much were going to earn, he said. I could have gone to London, I could have gone to Australia, but I chose the U.S.

Some students whove gone home after being unable to secure a work visa say they were disappointed that they werent allowed to stay. Masher Dillon, who graduated with an undergraduate degree from UC-Berkeley last year, is now working a marketing job back home in India.

He was the first of his friends and immediate family to go to college in the U.S., and going to Berkeley was his first time being in the country. A lot of people back home think that working in the United States is like, oh shit, youre arri