In my opinion, I strongly support the extension of OPT. The high technology companies, students, and American citizens will all benefit from this regulation.

1: The United States has the most high-tech companies in the word. The companies ranges from IT industry, medicine industry to manufacturing industry. And these industries are the pillar industries of United States. They play a significant role in the nations economic. 
There is no doubt that, these companies not only have a huge demand on the number of individuals, but also the qualities of people. So, undergraduate, graduate students and PHD students will be the main source of the staff of these enterprises. Nearly half of these students are international students, especially the MS students and PHD students. As a result, the native students are not enough to satisfy the huge demand of the elites. It will have a great impact on the economy of United States.
On the other hand, international students who can obtain OPT is excellent. Because, many international students do not have an advantage on the language than native students, the students can obtain OPT must have the perfect professional skills and knowledge. If not, the company will prefer the native students. The professional quality is exactly what the company need. The company need the people who can contribute to its development.
2: For international students, there are more and more students choose to study abroad. They want to expand their horizons, obtain knowledge and practice themselves. So 12 month OPT are not sufficient for these students, when they practice in company, the time is limited. Its not good for the development of international students. And United States is the country in which international students love to study. So, the extension of OPT can have a good reputation among International students, and will attract more students.
United States has many excellent Universities, many of them are private. So these Universities need the t