This is definitely a step in the right direction that will benefit the US economy to a great extent. 
A technically skilled workforce is essential to an innovation driven nation and leadership in engineering research and education is a prerequisite to preeminence in innovation.

International students help many universities have enough graduate students to support research programs that help attract top faculty and that also thereby help U.S. students by having a higher-quality program than they otherwise would have. Many of those students are funded through US government/industry grants. On an average $200,000 is spent on a PhD student towards his degree, and it makes no sense to train these highly qualified people and then letting them go without any contribution to our economy. 

International students add significant value to the U.S. economy after graduation as researchers and entrepreneurs. Measures that would make it easier for STEM graduate students to obtain visas to work in the U.S. after graduation - measures that many in higher education see as crucial to the U.S. maintaining its edge in attracting international graduate students -- are critical to sustained economic expansion. 

Other countries are developing policies to promote the influx of foreign students to their shores, and there are also ways in which the current economy in the United States has reduced funding support for graduate students, which makes it more difficult to attract students to U.S. programs with attractive funding packages. It is the right time to ease visa/resident requirements to enable this considerable talent to remain and contribute to the future of our research and development activities or forfeit our lead to other nations.

A report by the National Foundation for American Policy found that U.S. employers have spent some $3 billion in mandatory application fees since 2000 to bring over foreigners on H-1B employment visas, hardly a cheap expense, and foreign nationals are o