I strongly supports the OPT extension rule.
1. OPT allows the training process during and after the education, which is vital in student's proper career development. However, the OPT would only last one year, which is not a long period, especially for STEM fields.
2. OPT extension can attract more talented individuals to stay and contribute to US economy. It would be blind to oversee the need for STEM workers and experts. Most international students came to US to pursue advanced degree. Only when they successfully graduate will they be allowed to apply for OPT. OPT extension requirement is even more rigid. The students who are granted OPT extension are those who have demonstrated both ability and willingness to work in US. With OPT extension, US would have more chances to attract this well-educated population, instead of just ship them to home country like stowaways. Given the very competitive H1b lottery situation, OPT extension would be a good intermediate solution. Personally, I have seen some top class students who have used up OPT were forced to leave promising jobs merely because they were not lucky enough to get the H1b lottery. Ironically, they are now doing very well back in their home country.
3. Granting OPT extension does not necessarily lead to less job opportunities for US citizens. The OPT extension rules make sure that all international students hired should be paid no less than similarly situated US workers. Also, they can only be hired when company cannot find suitable citizen for the job. It is obviously much more difficult to employ a student on OPT extension compared to US citizen. Some people may find the "similarity" definition vague. The case is, though many efforts have been made to boost the STEM education for US students including ERCs and tons of fellowships, there are still not enough graduates yet. "Similar situated US workers" have most likely been eagerly hired by some company. Therefore it is quite understandable that other "less luc