Yes, I definitely SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:
1.The new OPT-Extension, which enables International students to work for a longer time in US, would attract more International students to US universities, and is a great bonus to both the US universities and US economy. Compared to other countries, the OPT and the OPT-EXT in US are the so brilliant that US always attracts much more students than other countries. AND for the reason that most International students pay out-state tuition, the universities in US benefited a lot from these students. If no OPT or OPT-EXT available, there would be a huge drop in the numbers of students studying in US, hence those universities that have a large group of international students would suffer. Some staffs in the international Students Affairs in the universities would be laid-off, since universities no longer need so many staffs with fewer international students. When there were fewer students, there were fewer consumers and as a result fewer jobs for American citizens. Jobs market in CA, MA, TX, WA and many other states that hold lots of international students would shrink because of the number of those student decreased. As a consequence, not only the international students need the OPT-EXT, but the states and citizens would also love this proposal which recovers the economy and creates jobs.
2.Government should give the students who learned knowledge from U.S. universities the opportunity to stay in the country and let them keep making contributions to the U.S. economy. As most students who are eligible for OPT-EXT are capable of receiving a relatively high income, they would also pay a lot for their stay in US, thus contributes to the US economy. They also pay tax, which keep both the states government and the federal government operating and finally still the American citizens benefit from these students who are using the OPT-EXT. 
3.Diversity is very important for America. A great many of outstanding cele