I strongly support this new rule. Please approve it to benefit US.

OPT program is directly related to US educational institutions and is fundamentally a selling point of the US educational market. A lot of people come to the US rather than go to other countries because of this benefit. If the extension was canceled, then it would be a threat to the US educational institutions financially. No one would ever want to bring CASH to the country anymore in exchange of education. The extension, to some degree, is a basic sales strategy that has worked well. 

US higher education has been long short of enough students to do research. If the attractiveness of US education went down because of the cancellation of the extension, then the US research and high tech would be the first victim. US will lose its biggest advantage over other countries and will eventually lose its power. 

Some mentioned that US does not have a shortage of stem workers, which is so untrue. The companies not only need stem workers, but truly qualified skilled workers. A master student who have been in the university for 6 years is not the same as someone who attend a training course for 3 months. The poor high school stem education prevents the universities to produce enough skilled workers. 

If people do not have the right skill set but blame just those F1 students for taking their jobs, I do not see any hope in this country. Even the F1 students all left after graduation, the companies would just hire them overseas instead of hiring locals who are not capable of doing the job. 

The rule is exactly there to solve the low wage problem. The wages for a lot of PhDs and Masters are the same or even higher than the US citizen. Only some other programs(ICC who abused the H1B program) may allow hiring unskilled workers from overseas. OPT is the wrong target if people really want to make sure that companies do not hire foreign nationals for lower cost. US citizens should be smart enough to have the right j