Why we have to let the "Elected Elite" understand that it is wrong to put American Legal Citizens at the bottom of the pile on every decision made regarding foreigners is amazing to me. They have a county, they come here and want out country to become theirs but live off our tax dollars or take our jobs. Why is this OK? Not one Elected Elite can give you a reason that it is OK except somewhere they either owe a campaign contributor they have to repay OR they are making money off the deal someway or another. I have worked all my life and am still working when I would like to see the word Retirement mean something other than trying to survive thanks to the Elected Elite and their lack of concern for us that have worked all our lives and they do not feel we deserve even a cost of living raise after all the money we have put into SS all these years. However, it is no big deal for them to get a raise, have healthcare that is great (not even Medicare or ObamaCare), their income the rest of their lives (none of us that work get that), besides body guards, offices and everything paid for that we the still working class that are legal U.S. Citizens (born or entered the country legally) continue to support them and all those that come after them. If their Golden Parachutes ended I wonder who would really run for office and if we cut off campaign contributions that would keep big money from owning the Elected Elite - well if anyone is left that wants to run then they want to for the love of this country. This country is going into the abyss and way too quickly and it is being pushed in that direction by the Decision Makers (decisions based on what is in it for them) and they are happy to do this action. It is so sad as we once were the greatest country in the world. Now? Not so much and soon not even the United States of America - wonder what "they" will call it when they take over and who it will be, ISIS? China? Who? It is not great to threaten people making comments with pu