Katharine Clair I thank the ICEB for the opportunity to comment on the proposed rule for expanding OPT for students with STEM degrees and CapGap relief of eligible for F-1 students. As the international student advisor and PDSO at Trinity College in Hartford, CT, I appreciate the quick response to this issue in such a tight time frame. This shows a great care for the F-1 students who are currently in the US on STEM extensions of OPT and for those who wish to use this to gain important practical experience in their fields. I strongly agree with the proposed rule's increase in the length of the STEM extension as well as the addition of unemployment time after receiving the STEM extension. I also applaud the rule's proposal that students would be able to use a STEM extension for a subsequent STEM related degree. 

After reviewing the proposed rule, I have one comment on an aspect of the rule that may be problematic: I'm particularly concerned about the proposed Form 910 STEM Mentoring & Training Plan (Part V, D of the Proposed Rule). While I appreciate the thought behind this form in terms of providing more oversight into the actual practical training aspect of the STEM extension, I do worry that this requirement could create a barrier to the hiring of international students as it presents extra paperwork/work that an employer would not have to complete when hiring an employee who is a US citizen. As an advisor, I already see many students who are passed over for practical training opportunities because of a perceived notion that hiring a student on OPT would result in extra work that would be too intense for the employer to contemplate. Furthermore, there does not seem to be a definition as to who would sign off on the Mentoring Plan (i.e. who will serve as the Official with Signatory Authority). The confusion that this might generate as to who might be responsible for the signing of the form could be problematic. Additionally, it is unclear as to whether or not SEVP will require this form as part of the STEM Extension application in the future.

Again, I thank you for the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and for the work on behalf of the international students currently studying in the United States.

