Peng Jiang I strongly feel extending OPT period is necessary.

International students, who have worked hard in academic for years, should have more time for training and getting a job after graduation. More than half of the engineers in IT giants such as Google and Facebook are international students. They in fact helped build these great Silicon Valley high-tech companies. They deserve a more equal opportunity to get a job in these companies without worrying about their legitimate of staying in the US. Also, international students are not stealing jobs from American students. International students, especially graduate students, are usually the best students from their own countries. They work harder, in universities and in companies, than American students because they are aware of their disadvantage in the job markets. The economic principle that more completion means more equality and better services is also applicable in the job markets. International students increase the completion, which makes the US students work harder, and in all improve the quality of engineering employees.

Actually, the reason for the US becoming a super power in the world is its gene of equality, freedom, openness and diversity. Immigrations, pursuing their own American dreams, helped shape and build the country. America would be not the dream land it used to be if it shut the door to the harding working international students. America would be no longer attractive to talented people from other countries if they were treated unequally in the land. 

I am a Phd student in Computer Science and come from China. American graduate schools are no longer as attractive as ten years ago to the young Chinese students. Years ago when America had a more dominant role in the world and China was poorer, an excellent student being accepted by an US university was admired by his or her peers, and was thought to have a bright future. But years later, that student probably find he is not happier than his friends back in China who worked less harder and had less dream than him. What about his dream that if one man work really hard he can achieve a happy life he wants? Is that correct for international students? The young Chinese students have a common feeling that going to US meaning working as hard labors and living with lots of inequality, so a student as myself is often misunderstand by people around in China, they will say "Why don't you get job, get married, stay with your parents, Why you still in school and would like to do grinding work?" They are misinformed, yet reflect some miserable part of life and work for international students. 

America should always be the land giving people the opportunity to pursue their happiness and well being. It should help international students, think about a student pursuing his degree for years in US wishing a bright future after graduation but have to go back to his country due to the insufficient OPT period. What would he think, what would the people in his homeland think of him? A unfortunate guy, diligent, smart but not making a good choice of going to US? So please don't let so many hard working international students being losers just because of limit in OPT period.

