Yaohua Li I strongly support OPT extension. I am an international student and I interned at a number of big name silicon valley companies. I made significant contributions there and all my supervisors (US- or foreign-born) want me to stay in the company after my graduation. The code I wrote either runs on thousands of machines in data centers to enhance the security, or will be part of next disruptively innovative product. One of my supervisors is also born in foreign country, and he lead the team to create the new product that can potentially make millions if not billions of dollars for the company. The new OPT extension will allow people like me to make contribution to the US companies and economy, and seek better career growth.

The United States is an immigrant's' country. Those US-born people who oppose legitimate and talented foreign students/workers: Don't forget that your parents or grandparents might be from other countries too. Don't forget it is immigrants that have made the US what it is and so strong. Don't forget that OPT workers are also paying tax for what everyone else is enjoying. Don't forget that without those talented foreign workers, there will be more US companies to fall due to lack of talents.

I strongly support OPT extension but also urge for more investigation/prevention on frauds. OPT fraud is different than legitimate OPT student. Foreign workers should be introduced because their skills are truly in shortage, not because they can be paid less. I am a new graduate, and each of the offer letters in my hand could give me more than what 90+% US workers (experienced or inexperienced) can make. The companies want me because they truly cannot find enough qualified US-born new graduates to fill the position, not because foreign-borns are cheaper.

At the same time, I am also shocked to know how badly some people (not all!) are cheating on H1B visas. Those H1B cheaters fake resumes and experiences so that they could be hired in the US, to replace qualified skilled US workers. These H1B cheaters are often very incapable in their jobs and perform poorly. I don't want to work with such people because they lower the quality of the work and put the company in a worse position. They are at least part of the reason that US workers are so angrily against foreign workers. However, we should not forget that talented legitimate H1B workers (non-cheaters) are a great help to their US-born co-workers and they make the US companies stronger.

Legitimate OPT workers are supposed to join the US workers in contributing to the US economy, not to replace them. There are indeed unemployment problems in the US. But the reason of that should be tracked to the education system. As a teaching assistant in a public university, I can tell that many students (native and foreign) are not well prepared for a future job of their own major. The same situation exist not only in the US, but also in other countries. That is the reason why only one third of US STEM graduates are doing jobs of their major, not foreign workers.
