Ms. Katherine Westerlund
Policy Chief (Acting)
Student and Exchange Visitor Program

Dear Chief Westerlund:

As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in 2014 with a dual Ph.D in Mechanical Engineering and Nanotechnology. I am currently on the OPT STEM Extension which was vacated recently effective 02/12/2016. Our first attempt to obtain an H-1B visa in 2015 was unsuccessful due to the limited availability via lottery. Without the availability of a STEM extension, I will need to leave the United States immediately post 02/12/2016 and take my specialized knowledge to another country. 

The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the following reasons.
1.The STEM extension period will provide me valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates can not only gain real-world knowledge in the chosen industry but will also be a great opportunity to practice the knowledge gained during the course of the Ph.D research funded by federal grants. 
2.The additional OPT time will provide me with more broad exposure to industries and organizations to aid in personally developing and exploring career possibilities as well as creating a professional network not just within the country but also internationally which will benefit the scientific output in the U.S. 
3.These benefits also will encourage future international students to join STEM programs in the U.S. and allow U.S. companies and educational institutions to remain competitive globally. 
4.In the absence of such a program, STEM students with advanced degrees will be forced to leave the country if their H-1B visa application is not successful and will take their specialized knowledge to competing countries with more inviting immigration rules which will be a huge loss to the U.S. economy. 
5.STEM students will allow employers the opportunity to accomplish bigger projects, achieve more innovation, and develop new products and technology, all of which will furthe