This is a total outrage! Is it not difficult enough for Americans, especially recent college graduates with degrees and approximately 6 million jobs short of these perspective degrees. Now you want to give preference to immigrants over our own citizens for these jobs and offer incentives of not paying into Medicare or Social Security! This is a double hit to the American citizen, now you want to give preference to immigrants over our own citizens for these jobs and offer incentives to employers not having to pay into Medicare or Social Security! This is a double hit to the American citizen.! not only will our young citizens and all jobseekers a like be denied jobs, but our already broke Social Security and Medicare system will be denied much needed money that would otherwise be paid into the system if American citizens were hired instead of legal or illegal immigrants with the same qualifications. When are we going to start looking out for our own citizens!! Why is it at every turn Social Security and Medicare takes it on the chin! Let's start doing the right thing and give these jobs to the people who deserve them, that are American citizens not to people for flying over the border, not only getting handouts but now you want to give the educated one jobs over and above are educated American citizens. This makes absolutely no sense whatsoever. Let's stop the nonsense And start doing what is right and just for our American citizens for once and stop worrying about other countries when our country is in dire straits economically! 95,000 people out of the workforce and you want to give the jobs away to foreigners over and above citizens of this country who desperately need The employment! This is yet another stupid move made by government officials that does nothing more but hurt our country, in general, along with its citizens. Have you ever heard of that saying "charity begins at home"? Although this is not charity I think I made my point, wake up and start doing som