I support the 24-month OPT extension for F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM Degrees. I think the extension is beneficial to both the industries related to STEM Degrees in the US and F-1 nonimmigrant students.

To the best of my knowledge, companies in the US need to go through many troubles if they want to hire a foreigner. They need to go through legal processes that require both time and money. However, there are still thousands of American companies,big or small, which keep hiring foreigners, including F-1 nonimmigrant students. Why? The most reasonable answer I think is that there is a shortage in the workforce the companies need. It is even more so for the companies in the fields of STEM. Extending OPT helps making up for the shortage of the workforce and helps boosting the US economy because international students can stay in the US longer and make more contributions. Without the extension, it is harder to attract international talents in the fields of STEM to America and force the ones who are already there to leave early. In my opinion, one reason why America is the strongest country in the world is its ability to attract talents from everywhere and embrace them regardless of their race, genders, age and nationalities. I would even say that without this extension, the American Economy will become much less prosperous.

Having the opportunity to work in the US for a longer time helps international students gain more experience in their fields of study. Personally, I want to work in the US for a couple of years and then go back to China, because my whole family is there and the amount of opportunities there is comparable to that in the US. However, the competition is more fierce in China in my field of study. Without any experience, it is very hard to get a good job. I have been living and studying in the US for six years. It's a good place and I am familiar with it. Software industry is still booming in the US and help pushing the US economy forward. It has 