I would like to submit the following comments in response to the Proposed Rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Non immigrant Students with STEM Degrees for All Eligible F-1 Students, published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in Dec'2014 with a Master's degree in the field of Computer Science. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes.

I was glad to see the proposed rule for re instituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule.

The proposal to re institute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. This experiential learning will allow me to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in a professional setting. STEM graduates like me should be given more opportunity to gain valuable applied experience and make connections in professional fields they are considering for career paths. The additional OPT time will provide me with more broad exposure to industries and organizations to aid in personally developing and exploring career possibilities as well as creating a professional network.

The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Employers

Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest strategies and techniques in the field. Expanding opportunities for STEM graduates benefits employers in high-tech industries by helping them 