Congress did not authorize this extension and the ICEB's proposed rule is a blatant violation of Congressional intent and authority. The effect of this rule will be to create incentives for employers to hire foreign students at reduced wages and reduce opportunities for American citizens. Moreover, as many of these jobs are in the technology field, the job opportunities lost by Americans will be in formerly high paying jobs. This will allow technology companies to profit at the expense of American citizens.

We have an immigration system that Obama repeatedly says is 'broken', so increasing the number and/or length of visas is simply increasing the burden on this 'broken' system. Visa overstays are one of the biggest problems with our current system, so it will increase the cost to American taxpayers to identify and enforce existing immigration laws as it relates to these foreign workers as many will undoubtedly simply ignore the expiration of their visas. And the Obama administration ICE won't enforce the existing laws in any case.

As many of these jobs will be located in California, has anyone conducted an environmental impact study on the effect of adding additional population to California's already strained environment will cause? Does it make sense to bring more people into California when there isn't enough water for the current population? Additionally, what impact will bringing in foreign workers have upon native born Americans in areas such as San Francisco where it will only increase the cost of real estate and depress the wages of those whom can't afford rent, particularly after they lose their high tech job?

Finally, we know ICE does a terrible job of actually vetting immigrants for possible terrorist ties. What steps are being taken to investigate students from terrorist supporting countries such as Pakistan, Saudi Arabia and Yemen? What strain will these people be upon local taxpayer resources when English is not their first language? What impact wi