I strongly support the proposal of extending the OPT status for another 24 months for the foreign students in STEM fields.

First I want to touch on the potential benefits of the extension. I work in the research and development department of a large pharmaceutical company. Due to the nature of our products, our company hires a large number of people with STEM degrees. Most of the project work here involving STEM does not only require technical knowledge in STEM, but also familiarity with applications in the related medical fields, as well as familiarity with the internal/external standards, especially the ones defined by the regulatory agencies. Our experience is that it usually takes 3-6 months before a student who just graduates from school gets on full speed with the project work. If there was only 12 months of the OPT status, most of the foreign students hired by the company would be forced to resign after a year , due to the low chance in the H1B lottery (http://www.immi-usa.com/h1b-lottery-2016-results-chances-process/). Without proper extensions, many foreign students would return to their own countries after graduation due to future job insecurity. Thus the first benefit from the extension is that more highly skilled and highly qualified foreign students will be available to the US employers. Our industry is full of innovation and highly qualified, creative employees can really facilitate the drug development. 
The second benefit is obvious: the foreign students would be able to work for the employer for a healthy amount of time thus the 3-6 months of training would be more cost efficient. In the long run, hiring highly qualified employees (US or non-US) increases the chance of establishing a healthy business and thus could generate more job opportunities, STEM or non STEM. For example, a successful pharmaceutical product launched in market usually triggers a number of sales job openings, which are mostly non-STEM opportunities. Meanwhile, it also generates