I strongly support this new OPT extension rule. I'm an international chemistry PhD student from China and was working at a pharmacy company and I'm currently using my OPT program. 

When i decided to pursue higher education before I graduate from university, I had multiple options to get my master degree in US, Canada, Singapore, Hong Kong and British. The most important reason I choose to study here is US could provide me the industry training opportunity during school or after graduation. So OPT extension is very important to attract foreign STEM talents. Without this OPT extension rule, I can't believe US could still attract so many foreign STEM talents every year to contribute their knowledge to this country and I probably would choose to study in other countries with better policy to foreign STEM talents. BTW, if this rule is terminated by some reasons, it's definitely a huge disaster to most US high-tech companies, like Google, Apple, Intel, Facebook, etc. Because they are supported by foreign STEM talents. 

I think that 12 months regular + 24 months extension time is also a good length for OPT program. Like what I mentioned at first place, I'm currently under my OPT program and at the time about to get extension, however the project I'm doing now need at least another one and half years. More importantly half of my team members is similar situation like my. If the OPT extension time is too short, we will lose our VISA before the projects completion which will cause a lose of project and progress of the company.

As I'm a Chinese STEM student and was born and living there and have family, friends there, I'd like to return back China eventually. Before then, I'd like to apply my knowledge learned from US university to US high-tech industry development. If I have about 3 years work experience in US, I would be competitive in the job market of China. That's why this new OPT rule would benefit both US high-tech industry and international STEM talents.

Hope more 