I totally support this 24 months OPT extension rule.
1. The new 24 months STEM extension rule proposed will help that it will not affect any US based existing employees as they are covered under the provisions of new rule protects their interests. Besides, with 24 months STEM extension rule, the employers will have chance to gain more employee with diverse background, which will help expand and build their international cooperation. 
When more new cooperative projects are being brought to the employer, more opening positions are available in the market, and of course will benefit local employees. Here is a real case in my company: when I was in my OPT program, I was employed since there was a cooperative project with a Chinese IC company, and my employer want someone with Chinese background and IC technology. When this cooperative project successfully launched, it brought three more new opening positions in US job market. We all know, there are a lot cooperative project and cooperative companies in US, and they all make contribute to US technology, economy and army. OPT program and its extension rule will benefit them and US citizens.

2. Without OPT program and STEM extension, universities in U.S. will lose a lot of student source from global side, since a lot of them were attracted by the OPT. Without practical training the education for 3 years will not prove to be beneficial to the students (Ex: mobile- android/iOS development); and in developing countries the OPT is not available and that is why the students come to U.S. 
When losing international source, it will bring big economic lose: since most of international student come to U.S. for a 2-year M.S. degree by using their own money; and every student will contribute $200000.00 for 2 year degree with tuition and graduation fees, staying expenses and other education revenue to US (Total $80000000000.00). Now if we cancel the rule, this huge amount $80000000000.00 will go to other countries.
Further more, with 