Roy Jia I strongly agrees with the this new rules and I would like to point out some errors for those who disagree with this new rule as follows:

(1) Some people say that this rule shows that the US government cares more about foreign people other than US citizens. This is totally wrong. The only reason that the government want to extend this OPT is because most people study and work in STEM fields are foreign people and without the extension of this new rule, it is highly possible that a huge amount of good engineers will leave and STEM industry will break down. It is US citizens then who will suffer most.

(2) Some people say that over 430,000 American jobs were taken from 2009 to 2013 because of the OPT extension.
This is soooo funny and please allow me to laugh for a few minutes. I do not need to mention that only 85,000 can be chosen for h1b each year, so at most 425,000 are chosen. But among these chosen people, a huge amount will be declined. Also, for years like 2009 to 2011, less than half of 85,000 are used because of the economy crisis.

(3) Some people say that the old OPT extension spend over 4 million from Social Security and Medicare trust funds.
This dose not make any sense. Don't you think we STEM students pay tax while we work during these extension time? I don't need to mention that about 47% of US citizens do not pay tax at all, right?

(4) Some people say that STEM students are cheap labors and stole their jobs as a result.
Come on, we are not fool! If the company does not pay us a reasonable salary, why not we just go back to our own country and find a better job? Not to mention that the living spends here are much higher than my own country.

To sum up, those who think that this new rule will stole their chances for work are either know nothing about STEM industry environment or too lazy to learn a skill for working in STEM field and can not compete with foreign STEM people.

Let me tell you the truth. During my MS degree time, I found that nearly all STEM students and professors and from foreign countries such as China and India. Right now, you can go to silicon valley to see how much they depends on foreign labors. If this rule does not pass, I am afraid that there will be a crisis for west part of US. I think the only difference between this one and the one that happened on 2008 is that this new crisis is cause by those who do reject DHS new rules on purpose.

I think those that really rob US citizens' jobs are either from ICC and illegal immigrants. Their behaviours not only takes too much H1B chances illegally, but also make the average salary very low. We STEM students also hate them very much. So just leave this new STEM rules along and ask government to find a way handle ICC and illegal immigrants. They are the real reason that you US citizens can not find a job, it has nothing to do with STEM extension, believe me.
