Virginia Tsu I am an international STEM student who graduated early 2015. Ive been working fulltime since then for a well-known tech/entertainment company serving worldwide users. I applied for the OPT STEM extension in October and apparently I support this proposal and hope it will be approved. However, Im not simply speaking for my own interest because the approval of this proposal will be very beneficial to my team and our department. Without this, my team will bear a loss since theres more than one international STEM students on the team depending on this rule.

1)I obtained two master degrees in the U.S. from two different universities, both of which are private schools and charge expensive tuitions. Since on the same degree level we can apply for OPT ONLY ONCE, I didnt work at all after the first degree and ONLY applied for OPT after the second degree. I paid a total of $100,000+ for my tuition and with my living expenses during my 4-year studies here, itll be a big number. It is nothing like me stealing resources from anyone here, and instead I made my contribution to the university and the off-campus businesses (dining, housing, etc.) from a financial perspective.
2)I only applied for graduate programs in the U.S. because I know that my degree (which is a STEM field) will guarantee me at least 17months after my initial 12-month OPT. Now after 4 years of diligent studies and paying expensive tuitions only because I knew Id have a chance to practice what I learned here for extra 17 months, you tell me that this rule doesnt exist any more? I have student loans to pay off because I paid the American universities expensive tuitions and now you tell me the only reason that made me come to the U.S. to pursue my master degree is gone? This would be a total SCAM if the proposal is not approved. And if so, I want my money back.
Without this, tons of talented international STEM students would not even choose to come to the U.S. to study in the first place.

3)A lot of comments mentioned the discrimination against local students, but thats only because they dont know what the OPT STEM extension is in the first place. We are only able to apply for STEM EXTENSION when the company were working for is an E-verified company. Any company that registered as an E-verify company had to not discriminate employees based on race, nationality. That is the rule. This is protecting people from both sides, local and international, and makes the STEM extension a fair, good rule.

In a nutshell, I strongly support this proposal. 
