Karthikeyan Sreenivasan The Honorable Jeh Johnson
Secretary of Homeland Security
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson:

I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I am an international graduate at the University of Southern California (USC). A vast majority of the student community in USC are international students and most of them are in the United States on F-1 visas. I and many of my colleagues will be strongly affected by the Proposed Rule.

I STRONGLY SUPPORT Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. I'm particularly excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months.

I am currently on OPT and in the process of applying for the OPT Extension. This decision greatly affects my current status and my future here at USA. My goal is to start a non-profit company here in the United States of America, help & be part of the community. OPT and OPT extension is important to me because the experience that I am currently gaining will help me get to that goal quickly. 

There are hundreds of thousands of student currently on OPT for small business to large corporation. The cancellation of the OPT Extension would put a huge stress not only on all of these students but all of those businesses that currently employ them. This would definitely give way to a considerable economic & financial crisis. Students on F-1 will not get the equal opportunity as everyone else anymore as companies will see them as liabilities. This goes against what America truly stand for: Equality & Opportunity for All. 

I am very concerned with the possibility that my STEM OPT Extension might be disrupted by recent court actions, upcoming court actions, and delays in this rulemaking process. I commend DHS for working quickly to prepare this new Proposed Rule.

I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to F-1 students.

Best regards,

Karthikeyan Sreenivasan
University of Southern California
M.S Computer Science
