Shuo Yang I agree with the proposal that STEM OPT extension should be extended to 24 months. From my perspective, if this proposal gets passed, it will surely benefit the students who are holding F-1 Visa. Some people might think this is not actually helping others, or even say, themselves. I have to say everybody needs to look at this proposal in a long run. There are a lot of indirect affects that normally people might ignore. Without this rulemaking, United States economy and technology industry would be falling behind in this competitive world. 

First, high-tech companies are highly relying on this proposal. A couple years ago, there was no lottery for applying H1-B visa. Whoever wants to contribute to the society after getting a degree from a school, they got a chance to get a H1-B visa. They dont need to worry about their visas. They can always focus on what they are doing. Focus on improving the world. And now, things are different. People who are holding F1 visa cannot be transferred to H1-B visa easily. More and more people are studying in US, but the application limit for H1-B visa did not change. As a person who is working in these companies, I can see lots of people are foreigners in daily work. Some of them are holding H1-B visa and lots of them are still holding F1 visa. I can also see a lot of key persons in the company were part of it. They are working hard. They work overtime. They contribute a lot. They dont do this for making money since they never get paid for doing this. This is all about improving the world, changing the world. Thanks to the current STEM extension rule, people can still work and contribute for another 17 months after their OPT getting expired. We cannot imagine how many people these companies are going to lose if this rule never exists. I dont know if we can still see the blooming economy in US. 

In addition, longer OPT extension can lead to more population in US which also increases the cash flow and helps the economy growth. We all know the universities and colleges in US are expensive. Not everyone can afford it. By accepting international students, the school can make sure they can get enough fund for doing researches and improving the education quality. This includes getting better professors and researchers all around the world. During the school time or even after if they want to work in US, they have to pay rent, pay for food, and basically everything for daily live. By doing this, they are giving money to the society. Directly or indirectly, it helps creating more positions for people in US. Without all these people, lots of pizza shop might shut down and lots of grocery stores making less money. This is all related. Its like The Butterfly Effect. You never know how big it can be and how much it can bring to the market. 

Further more, America is an immigration country, so that bringing helpful people into the states are always the right way to go. Looking around the world, there are more than seven billion people. Smarter people are relatively normally distributed in the world. Smart people want to be better. Thats why they want to gather together. United States provides a platform for all this kind of people. People study together, discuss together. They bring up different ideas because they are from different culture, which leads them to have different instincts while facing different situations. Lots of chemical reactions are happening among people. One casual word might just push the science to a new era. So its not hard to understand why most of the top schools are in US. Its a virtuous cycle. The more smart people come, the better the education. The better education, the more smart people come. OPT extension also makes sure that all these people can stay in US longer after they graduate and continue bringing their knowledge to the society. In this way, it wont be too easy to lose talents and United States can keep leading the world in multiple fields.

In conclusion, they are lots of things sitting behind the scene. Since we already have STEM OPT extension for 17 months, adding 7 months wont lead to giant impact. But if this proposal gets denied and there is no more OPT extension. It can be destructive to United States or even the world. As I mentioned before, everything can be big. We need to move consciously and make sure we dont easily make a mistake. It would be wise to choose the right thing to do and stay on top the world.
