Dear Chief Westerlund:

I would like to submit my following comments to strongly support the proposed rule, Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students published on Oct 19th, 2015.

As an international student, I obtained my masters degree in STEM major from Stanford University and now Im working as a Credit Risk Consultant for Wells Fargo with my OPT STEM Extension. With my knowledge in statistics, data analytics, modeling and finance, I work with my team to develop models to manage credit risk of Wells Fargos portfolios, as well as contribute to the financial stability of the U.S. economy.


The recent decision by U.S. District Judge Ellen Huvelleon (D.C.) has eliminated the OPT STEM extension, which means if no new rules take effect, my employer will have to terminate employment relationship with me. I was glad to see the proposed new rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, Cap-Gap relief and an expansion and improvement of the previous rule. 

The proposed rule will help to provide valuable educational training for international students, thus making the higher education more practical and helpful. Take myself as an example, at Stanford, I took several courses related to data analytics and finance, where I had the chance to acquire cutting edge knowledge from the world class faculty. While my training experience under OPT at Wells Fargo has provided me a deeper understanding and hands-on experience of how modelling techniques and data analytics can be used in the real banking industry, especially in the credit risk area to protect our customers financial safety, and the stability of the company, or even the U.S. economy. With expanded OPT STEM, we can have more opportunity to integrate the theory learned in school with practical experience in the industry in professional settings. Credit risk management is such a huge system (after working for 18 month