Dear officers and citizens:

Please let me state my story very quickly.

I am a full stack developer of a startup company in Los Angeles with master degree in Computer Network. I am a foreigner with OPT. As the only developer of the startup company from July the last year, I worked with another 2 citizens and made every single code of the project, which could be reached as www.cathod.tv.

Luckily, we made some progress, investors from Hollywood began to help us to be an expecting Internet application. While unluckily, I did not get H1B VISA this year.

We were not caring about it so much because I was expected to stay in USA until May, 2017. I still got 2 chances for H1B. I have time, our startup has time. But now it is challenged by concerns of citizen jobs taken up by technique guys like me.

Whether me will be staying USA or not never bothers. But if I left, honestly, the startup will have terribly trouble. At least 150K dollars would be wasted to hire another 2 guys and hand over all my work(I am a full stack developer). The worse condition is there would be 6 months wasted, which might give a sentence to the startup. 

Never forget that the startup contains other 2 citizens' dream, hollywood investors money and potential to make people's life better. 

Guys, we are well educated engineers doing innovative works not only for money but also for a better human community. We work hard, as I work more than 10 hours a day for startup, not only to survive in America but because America is the greatest platform in the world to contribute with our brilliance. 

In economy theory, a well educated guy has affirmative effect to society even he get high paid from it. And again in economy theory, the Intelligence Intensive Industry makes more sense when the more intelligences were connected in a smaller zone. 

STEM graduates live me were so in trust of American Dream and doing hard to implement it. Please give us a chance to continue. And we will return you a better America