Well I am stem native working in the same field that I graduated from the American university.. According to the article is there a STEM shortage? according to Karen Ziegler , there is no shortage of STEM workers in this country ( both Immigrants and Native) , now the question is ... are all of them highly skilled enough ? or do they have the skill sets required to meet the job ? answer is no ... in fact out of 12.5 million STEM workers , only 5.3 million were employed , rest are all working out of stem field ( that includes natives + immigrants ) , in other words only 5.3 million of them are skilled people that are needed by the current workforce at the moment, rest of them , they are not needed ...so what about all those immigrants who dont land in the job ? they work in the Non stem fields ...that should be stopped because that is unlawful and is creating an extra influx of unwanted immigrants .....less that 23 % are useful(in engineering) for example, others are not , DHS should take strict steps in that regard , this is a serious problem , that a STEM worker graduating in the STEM field in not working in that field ... ( for an immigrant) , surprise visit sections of DHS sounds good ... I would like DHS to pay special attention to that section. The officer should question or go to an in depth background check for every STEM working immigrant. Start clearing the unwanted immigrants now and after like 5 -6 years only the able ones will remain in the country.
Coming back to the idea to erasing every immigrant out of here is way too extreme , because out of those 5.3 million skilled workers employed many coming through H1b and OPT ,and finding a way to stay in the country , which is fine because they are skilled , they meet the requirements of the job ,and they are required by the country... there is not enough skilled american citizens available to replace them at the moment. As a recruiter let me get you straight ,hiring a non american is my last choice , forget 