Claire Jiao I appreciate this proposal and hope it can be approved.

First, many people are strongly against this proposal and blame the unemployment of American students on the extension of STEM OPT. But they will find this claim obviously biased if they do some research or even look up for what STEM actually means. STEM stands for Science, Technology, Engineering and Math education. Blaming the overall domestic unemployment on the STEM major students is a faulty generalization. Furthermore, the job market is never a zero-sum game. International STEM students spend hefty tuition fee when they study in US and their contribution in their job fields are also creating other opportunities for other people. 

Second, all the international students who have tried finding a job in the US should be familiar with the challenges they have been through. The challenges are due to high sponsorship fee that a company needs to pay to hire an international student. With limited H1B quota, the company will also face the risk of losing the international student if he is not selected in H1B lottery. So why would these companies hire international students? Not because it's cheaper to hire them. Just search for the average salary of the positions that STEM students are applying for on Glassdoor, you'll find they are among the top paid nationwide. Companies hire international STEM students not because they are cheap labors. On contrary , they spend more money and face more risks when they make the hiring decision. The reason is the huge demands for STEM students, and the demands have been intensified in a lot of different fields in recent years. Instead of competing with US students for jobs, STEM students are actually filling job positions that are facing shortage of talents. 

Last, most STEM international students base their decision to study and stay for a job in US on the extended OPT policy. For the STEM students who are currently in a job with OPT, many of them gave up attractive offers or have missed the best timing to find a job in their home countries. The opposition to this proposal is cruel and disappointing for them. For the international students who are considering coming to study in US, the opposition of this proposal will most likely drive them away, which will cause great loss for both US universities and job market. 

All considered, I support this proposal and I hope the final decision will be made with good rationale and long-term benefits in mind.
