Prasanna Kulkarni, Carnegie Mellon University Docket ID ICEB-2015-0002

18 November 2015

U.S. Department of Homeland Security
Student and Exchange Visitor Program
U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement
500 12th Street SW
Washington, DC 20536

Subject: Comments on Proposed Rulemaking - Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students,

Docket ID ICEB-2015-0002
RIN: 1653-AA72

Dear Sir or Madam:

I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I am an international graduate student of Mechanical Engineering at the Carnegie Mellon University (CMU). 65% of CMU graduate students are international students in the United States on F-1 visas. I and many of my colleagues will be strongly affected by the Proposed Rule.

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM students, and encourage them to make the extension available to all students. Im particularly excited to see the duration of the Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months.
I am planning to use OPT after graduation.The OPT program and OPT extension is important to me because it will help me gain the required technical experience to further grow as a successful professional.

I am very concerned with the possibility that my STEM OPT Extension might be disrupted by recent court actions, upcoming court actions, and delays in this rulemaking process. I applaud the work of the Department of Homeland Security in quickly filling the gap left by the Washington Tech Workers Alliance case.

The OPT program is an important part of the plant to attract graduate students to the United States. I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to F-1 students.

Best regards,

Prasanna Kulkarni
Carnegie Mellon University
Department of Mechanical Engineering
