Bin Hu The extension of OPT is definitely necessary and will be positive to both international students' career and American society.

1. Jobs requiring STEM background are generally high-skilled and thus need years of training. The 1-year OPT session apparently is too short for new employees to get fully trained. At the same time, companies lose their future experienced employees before these employees can make great contribution to the companies.

2. STEM graduates are not competitors with American unemployed. Because STEM students are trained to do high-end science and technology related work while the unemployed are mainly blue-collar workers. The extension of STEM OPT poses no threat to U.S. unemployment rate. On the contrary, the extension policy will boost U.S. job market since the high-end expertise of STEM graduates will prosper this country's economy and therefore will even increase more jobs.

3. High-skilled jobs like software engineer actually are far from stauration. This high-tech era needs more and more qualified employees from STEM majors. If U.S. society passes up the opportunity to take advantage of those valuable resource, it is a great loss to American economy.

4. Extension of OPT session will attract more international students to apply to study in the U.S.. These international students not only bring new idea, different culture but also greatly promote local economy. For instance, the Universities will get more tuition fee, these local apartments will earn more house rent, local restaurants will increase their profits as well. In fact, every body in the community will be benefited.

5. As a great country, the U.S. take pride in its innovation. But why these great invovations and technology revolutions take place in America? One important reason must be the inclusiveness of multi-culture and new ideas. Therefore there is no reason to miss these STEM elites. These STEM graduates will have no harmful impact on U.S. immigration policy since their immigration status are actually determined by H1-B visa rather than OPT extension.
