Lejun Huang The STEM OPT Extension has the following benefits/

Firstly, OPT students boost the domestic consumption and make U.S economically prosperous. They spend large sum of money on daily consumption, recreational event and personal development lessons. Aggregate Demand curve will thus shift to the right, creating more labor opportunities for domestic U.S. citizens, which is actually contradictory to the WashTech Lawsuit claim that OPT students deprive the domestic workers' opportunities to work and create social upheaval.

Secondly, STEM OPT Extension designated degree list shows that in order to apply for the OPT Extension, student must have certified degree in the field of mathematics,natural sciences (including physical sciences and biological/agricultural sciences),engineering/engineering technologies, and computer/information sciences, and related fields. Those fields are in great need of talented professionals. It is even expected that the growth rate of the need for students in these fields will be between 14% to 62% during 2010-2020. If the proposal can be approved, it will definitely relieve the shortage of workers. The unemployed people are mostly labor-intensive blue-collars and veterans whose skillsets are not compatible with the social need. The underemployment is a result from industrial upgrading and the elimination of outdated production capacity, which is a necessity for society to reform and for country to advance. It has nothing to do with the OPT Extension that unfairly bears the blame. Some people worry about the increment of immigrants. But this is solely determined on the restricted number of people who can receive H1B visa. These decades saw the increasing international collaboration. Even if U.S. does not allow OPT student to stay for a little bit more lengthy time, it is likely that the work will be assigned to someone out in the world who is more competent than their domestic candidates. The root of the problem is the outdated skill of those people.

Lastly, it is stated in the proposal that employers must fulfill those requirements in order to help international student to apply for an OPT Extension: 
d.The Student's practical training opportunity will not result in the termination, laying off, or furloughing of any full or part-time, temporary or permanent U.S. workers.
e.The terms and conditions of the STEM practical training opportunity-including duties, hours, and compensation-are commensurate with the terms and conditions applicable to the employer's similarly situated U.S. workers or, if the employer does not employ and has not recently employed more than two similarly situated U.S. workers in the area of employment, the terms and conditions of other similarly situated U.S. workers in the area of employment; 
This all guaranteed that the employers will not favor International student over domestic students, securing U.S. citizens' equal,if not larger, chance to get a job.

