I definitely support the new OPT extension policy, which is obviously good for both United States and her citizens and the foreign students

1. Economical situation in US is slowing down after going through several times economic crisis. But the international student is a huge power to reinvigorate a slumping economyForeign students are well educated and completely skilled to be qualified to many kinds of work. Foreign students are majority at some technical fields like computer and electrical engineering. Without the OPT extension, most of international students which are using OPT or OPT extension to work here are forced to leave the U.S which might leave a big cavities in the employment market of the U.S. That would cause the rising economy to fall down again because of lacking qualified employers.

2. Though the U.S economy are not prosperous as previous years. The education and scientific research are blooming during these years which should gives the credit to the OPT. Because of OPT and extension, international students have got much chance to apply their knowledge and skills into practical. That's why most of them would choose the U.S as their target place to get education or conduct scientific research. European countries are also leading the technology and education but they can't offer such good policy for international students so that they can't match with the U.S

3. Some natives might argue that OPT might lower the average salary or minimum wage. That's not the truth. There is no direct evidence or material statistics prove their argument. On the contrary, as far as I know, most international students qualified for STEM Opt extension are usually work at huge technical companies which offer them a great package salary. Some of them might event get more than a six-figure salary as an entry level employee. This kind of salary is much higher than the average salary of native citizens, how come OPT extension would cause the lower minimum wage.

4.Considera