I strongly agree with this proposal. Diversity is one of the important support for U.S, varying from Economics to Technologies, International students are actually playing very significant roles in pushing the developments in United States. Job candidates should be chosen from their talent, knowledge and personalities, it should be nothing related to nationalities.

I saw some negative comments like international students who occupying the positions in companies will make it harder for local people to find a job. It is not true. Job hunting is a fair competition, and in fact, local people already have a way more advantages than international students, but the reason they won't got hired is not because of lack of positions, but usually lack of knowledge and the sense of working harder. Companies would rather choose employees who can make more contributions, even though they have to hire lawyers for H1B visa. 

Some other Cons like the extension would lead to the depress of wages. This is incredibly illogical. wages DO NOT depend on the number of workers, they depend on how much work you can do and you have done in your company. In fact, if the company hires an talent international student, he makes a huge contributions to increase the profit of the company, this international student can also bring more benefit to other coworkers. 

As for the reason of the extension, why do STEM students need more time? I think it's because they are majoring in technical field, which need more time to get trained and take a little bit longer to see the results and effect. They spent decades for studying, most of them have achieved the highest degree of their study, got certificated by both universities and industry, all they need is working without concerns. Extensions can certainly reduce their worries, making international students work harder and better in their positions. 

Above are my opinions, fair judgement should be considered before making the final decisions, and the prop