Obviously, it's a huge benefit for entire American society and economy. From the spirit of the United States, it's the foundation of this country to retain those talented people, to let all those talented scientists, engineers and high skills technical students make their contribution to this country. The U.S. is an immigration country from the start, and the reason why American can become the strongest country over the world because these high skilled immigration. 

They are contributing to this country from the point when they landed. International students needs to pay more than 3 times tuition to American student during the college. Those income from international students tuition has been a huge part for local economy. International students knows life is expensive, they need to study hard, phD students do research, they help professor teaching students, and even the income they earned during the school, they pay the same tax to the government. For those master degree student, they don't even have time and opportunity to practice what they learn during school. They only opportunity for them is OPT, they apply what they learn in school, keep US advanced the world in all those STEM fields, paying the same tax that is almost 50% to the government. I can't tell where is harmful for US to extend this OPT.

People might think international student may interfere the job market for local american. That's is totally wrong. STEM students are absolutely NOT cheap labor, they are working on the most advanced tech jobs, which required really high skilled workers, but those high tech company are not able to find qualified american. The company wants to survive, want to make profit, in the meantime, international students are hard worker, high skilled. This is actually win-win solution. International students can help the company to make profit, to pay more tax, to have the ability to hire more americans. If those STEM workers were gone, the whole silicon valley, the whole hi