Parvathy Viswamohan 16 November 2015

The Honorable Jeh Johnson
Secretary of Homeland Security
Washington, D.C. 20528

Dear Mr. Johnson,

This is with respect to the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I am a graduate student from the University of Michigan. I am currently on my OPT extension period and will be strongly affected by the proposed rule.

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. I'm particularly excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months.

I completed my Masters in Information Systems and Technology. I am currently working for Ford Motor Company as a Cloud Developer to provide on time software updates to vehicles in use by consumers. It is through the OPT opportunity that I am able to contribute into this cutting edge technology by applying the concepts that I have learnt during the Master's program. The OPT program is a win-win situation for both the company as well as the participating student. It allows the company to have highly motivated and skilled individuals working hard to enhance the capabilities of the products being offers. It allows for the participating student to gain invaluable experience in upcoming technologies and to contribute to further advancements.

I appreciate the opportunity being provided and I hope that this becomes a rule soon. If the rule is not proposed by February 12th, my OPT extension would be cut short and I would be forced to leave the country. I have worked very hard to obtain my Master's and am very diligent in my workplace. I work alongside my American counterparts. We add value to each other rather than compete with each other for the same opportunity.Students like me deserve this opportunity to further grow in their respective careers. 

I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule. USA is a wonderful country that provides multiple ways for personal enhancement. I hope to be able to use the OPT program to the fullest in order to meaningfully contribute to the growth of this country.

Best Regards,
Parvathy Viswamohan
