I strongly support this proposed rule to extend the OPT for F-1 Nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees with the following reasons.
1. STEM majors (e.g. Engineering, Math etc) are the core and the base of the major thriving industries in US, with very well-known examples such as investment banking institutions (e.g. Goldman-Sachs), technology-based corporations (e.g. Facebook, Google), pharmaceutical industries (e.g. Johnson & Johnson), and so on. And currently there are millions of foreign employees, many working under the OPT rules, contributing their effort and time to the thriving of these companies and the steady growth of US. It must be acknowledged that these foreign employees do have their own advantages that make them irreplaceable, and a very easily-understandable reason is that these foreign employees (or F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM majors) are mostly educated with a much more solid background in math and engineering in their own countries before coming to US for advanced education (e.g. college, graduate school), which places them in a more favorable position for employers since employers always look for the candidates with the best expertise. This means that the loss of this group would be a disaster to the US but good news to all the other countries in the world since such a talent pool would have the only option to return to their own countries and start working there. 
2. Extending the OPT duration for F-1 nonimmigrant students would also benefit the general growth of US in the sense that a significant portion of F-1 students come to US not just for the educational purposes; they wanted a few years of working experience in the US before returning to their own countries to practice their career, and STEM majors OPT extension would exactly satisfy their purposes since it allows a 3-year experience for those F-1 college graduates. On the other hand, if STEM OPT extension is not approved, there would be a drastic drop on the number of potential F