I support the motion to extend STEM OPT for another 24 months. While its benefits to foreign STEM students, in terms of the added value of their learning experience in this country, is very obvious, I think there are also significant benefits to the US.

First of all, this rule would help to provide a steady stream of additional highly skilled workers into the US economy. Many comments emphasized the competition that these foreign students may bring to the US job market. However, one should realize that the job market is not a zero-sum game. The additional foreign students would bring in new expertise and more importantly fresh ideas to help grow the economy. An improved economy means better wage and more work opportunities for everyone, but mostly for US citizens. Let's focus on how to make the pie bigger, not how to carve one that may even shrink otherwise.

Secondly, a healthy dose of competition is vital in keeping US workforce from being complacent. While these students are too small in numbers to have an impact on the overall scarcity of US jobs, they do represent some of the brightest young people across the globe. By allowing them to not only study, but also work along US workers, it would serve as a reminder to all US workers what kind of intellectual competition they are facing in a world where globalization of commerce is rapidly spreading.

Lastly, the cost of inaction is huge. A large portion of the students affected by this ruling are those who have studied in some of the best US institutions for four to six years, during which time they were likely doing some of the most cutting edge research in all fields of STEM. If their access to the US job market is severely curbed by a shortened STEM OPT program, they may be forced to seek employment in other countries. In that way, the added benefits of highly skilled workers to the economy mentioned in the first argument will be transferred to foreign countries. And this means the competence of US companies wi