Thomas Gao I am writing the comment with a grateful heart. This is my third year in United States, and I just start my career here. As a foreign student and employee, I do feel that a 24 months OPT extension for STEM students is necessary and significant, not only for us, but more importantly, for America.

First, it will help boost the economy. With the OPT extension, universities will be more attractive to the foreign students because the potential working opportunity. Universities can benefit from the tuition fee and other expenditure of the foreign students. With more foreign students coming in, the culture in the campus will be more diverse. Great talents will also contribute more in academic research and thus strength the researching ability of the universities themselves. Also, OPT extension can help boost the local economy as the students would willing spend their money in malls, markets, restaurants,etc.

Second, this OPT extension is only for STEM students, who will definitely start the careers in high tech research and development industry, such as software industry and electronics engineering. Those industries are thirsty for the talents. With the extension, as more STEM students graduate, the huge talent gap will be eased, and thus the labor cost of the employers will remain at a reasonable level. More importantly, those technology companies usually have to train the newbies as the daily work in these companies are usually challenging and need certain level skills. My employer, for example, a software company, spend 6 months to train us to a certain level. Without extension, the companies will stuck into a dilemma that although the foreign employees can lower the cost with excellent abilities, the risk is also high because they may have to leave the country if they cannot get a H1B visa in one year.

Third, if the extension is disapproved, a large number of foreign employees who have not got the H1B Visa yet, will be forced to quit. For the employers, how to deal with this situation? How to maintain the regular workflow? How to recruit enough talents in a short period of time with guaranteed abilities?

Some argue that OPT extension will undermine the careers of the native Americans. This predication is unlikely to be true. My major is Computer Engineering, and during my two years in a graduate school, most of the students in class are foreign students. On the contrary, we help the ease the talent gap of technological and scientific industry.

Last but not least, America is a land of dreams. I came to America because people told me that it's a place in which diligent and honest people can get success. The significant technological and economic accomplishments of the country are contributed by people with different cultures, various backgrounds, but same hardworking and dedicated body and mind. I sincerely want to contribute to the society and help other people as much as I can. Current American society should keep attracting the talents from all over the world to develop a better world.
