Also See attached file.

The proposal to expand OPT is unacceptable and will do great harm to American STEM works and American students seeking STEM careers. Below are a variety of examples to support this claim. Please respond intelligently to each point.

1. Information obtained from the Center for immigration studies has revealed that prior to the proposed expansion the existing OPT program has already denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs between the years 2009-2013. Why OPT or even expand OPT if there are qualified American workers that can fill the open positions?

2. OPT has removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds. Why OPT or even expand OPT if the program continues to damage the Medicare and Social Security trust funds?

3. The original purpose of OPT was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned, but today it is used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the US and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. The proposed DHS rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program. OPT cannot be expanded and should be completely defunded as the program and the proposed new rule continues to not work as intended.

4. There are approximately 568,000 F-1 students in the United States in addition 98,000 in the 12-month OPT programs and 30,000in 29 month OPT programs. Giving employers incentive to hire from this giant pool of workers undermines the job opportunities for American STEM workers. OPT should defunded and the proposed new rule denied as American workers are being undermined by the OPT pool.

5. Those in the OPT pool are sought after by employers because they tend to be younger and therefore cheaper for employers to hire than their American competitors. Employers save over 7.5% when they hire students instead of American workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers mostly hold jobs that pay in the range of $60,000 to $90,00