I strongly SUPPORT the proposal. I think the government should let the students who learned knowledge from U.S. universities stay in the country since they would make much contributions to the U.S.

U.S. is currently the most prosperous nation in the world because of its resources, its constitution and most importantly the witness of every single person who are working for the country. U.S. is undoubtedly a nation of immigrations. Since hundreds of years ago, people with intelligence and bravery have come to U.S. to fight for their own future, during which promoted the great America.

I myself fully understand the reasons against the opt extension. Would those who benefited from it take the job positions away from Americans? Of course they would. But is it wise to keep these foreigners out of the competition? I don't think so. I think the best strategy is to let people compete with each other in the same stage, the better ones stay and the other leave. In this way, many intelligent people from other countries would be able to stay in U.S. to do great things, instead of going back to their own country and bringing the knowledges and techniques they learned from U.S. universities and professors to another country. As an international PHD student with full fellowship, I actually feet really grateful to my professors and the university. Though I wish to make contributions to my motherland, I also wish to do something with my knowledge in U.S. to reciprocate this nation that makes me a better person.

In all, people who are kept out of the nation because of the administrative failure of extension would be the skillful ones who graduated from U.S. universities and were able to do highly complicated works and to make huge contributions in every aspects including taxes, instead of the ones who would need the aid from the US social welfare system and take more resources than what they contribute. It would be better if the government leave the decision to companies and let th