Prabhu V.V All those people who are opposing this rule, based on the perception that legal immigration takes away jobs from American citizens, please read the following key findings from a 2011 study:

"Fortune 500 companies founded by immigrants or children of immigrants employ more than 10 million people worldwide. Immigrant-founded Fortune 500 companies alone employ more than 3.6 million people, a figure equivalent to the entire population of Connecticut."

"The revenue generated by Fortune 500 companies founded by immigrants or children of immigrants is greater than the GDP of every country in the world outside the U.S., except China and Japan. The Fortune 500 companies that boast immigrant or children-of-immigrant founders have combined revenues of $4.2 trillion. $1.7 trillion of that amount comes just from the companies founded by immigrants."

"Seven of the 10 most valuable brands in the world come from American companies founded by immigrants or children of immigrants. Many of America's greatest brands Apple, Google, AT&T, Budweiser, Colgate, eBay, General Electric, IBM, and McDonald's, to name just a few owe their origin to a founder who was an immigrant or the child of an immigrant."

Source: http://www.renewoureconomy.org/sites/all/themes/pnae/img/new-american-fortune-500-june-2011.pdf

The study listed above demonstrates that an open economy makes U.S.A more competitive not less and provides more jobs not fewer. 

By allowing the students to gain hands-on experience during the extended OPT period, U.S.A will gain access to some of the brightest minds in STEM fields. In addition, this rule only extends employment authorization for two years and does not increase the number of H-1B visas that can be issued per year. H-1B visas constitute less than 0.001% of the total U.S jobs. So there is no increased risk to the number of jobs available to U.S citizens. This means that overall competition to U.S workers remains unchanged. 
In summary, this rule is a great way to attract and retain best minds in the world, while ensuring that U.S citizens are not disadvantaged by the increased competition. 
