I strongly support this proposal of improving and expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for all eligible F-1 Students. This is a Win-Win solution for several different related parties.

The US government, or we may say the country of the US, is the major one who benefits, because this policy would keep qualified talents staying in the US to contribute their skill and wisdom to help America retain its the strongest scientific and technological power in the world wild. Those people who are eligible for OPT extension are highly educated and well trained people in high tech area. The offer of job already proved the ability of these candidates. A lot of people will leave without the extension because they may not be able to get H-1B too. They will find a place in other countries to develop their career and contribute their wisdom. That means the US loses talents and other competitor gets. It may not impact the position of America immediately, but its predictable that there is negative impact to America in long term.

Another party which would be helped by this proposal is employers. A lot of high tech companies have very diverse employees, and a part of them are students who have master or PHD degree in F-1 OPT status. The company usually chooses employee with its strict criteria. A typical employee process has to go through HR, financial, Hiring Team etc departments, and to through advertisement, phone screen(a lot), phone interview(a lot), then on-site interview(a few) steps. It usually takes months to settle down one position. A tons of money and effort are spent for every hiring. In addition, companies need continue spend money and effort to train new employees to let them adapt to the environment. However, the company will lose the OPT employee very soon because the employee may not have working permission. How painful it is! Yes, employers wont have this problem if they simply dont hire F-1 Nonimmigrant 