Lishen Yin I strongly support this new OPT extension rule. 

I was an international Electrical Engineering master student from China and now a Hardware Engineer at Oracle. Before I came to US, I had several choices to pursue my Master's degree. ( US, Canada, France etc..) One of the reason why I choose USA is that the US is having this OPT extension rule that allows international students to gain more experience. If this OPT extension rule is cancelled for some reason, there will be a strongly negative effect for those international students to choose US universities among all the options they have. Also, the tuition from international students is a big portion of income for those universities and the international students are also supporting the US universities to keep ranking top all over the world. Without this new OPT extension rule, there will be very negative effects to the US universities.

Further more, as an employee of the company, there is a large portion of employees who are in OPT STEM status right now. If the OPT extension is somehow canceled, there will be very negative effect to the company. Not only the company I'm working at, but also all the high tech companies, who are hiring international students, and absorbing the intelligence all over the world to maintain their competence. In short term, the company are losing large portion of their employees immediately, and lots of ongoing projects can not go on, which will cause financial problems to the company. Long term wise, those tech companies may slowly loose their competence. As a fact of semiconductor industry, the leader in the industry can get almost 98% of the revenues from the market. And we all understand how bad it will be if the company lost the competence in the market.

Finally, as a residence in California, I know that the tax that OPT students paid is also a big amount of Federal and CA state income. If we start to lose international students, the bad economical effect taken on high-tech companies will also reflect to the government. I'm not sure how much it will be, but it may be a disaster. 

With this new STEM extension rule, not only the universities can keep being attractive to the best international students and maintaining the reputation as well as the support to the government in terms of scientific research, all the high-tech companies can maintain their competence in this intensely competing market better. It is the company's decision to hire international students or US citizens, and the STEM rule has nothing to do with this decision. The STEM rule, however, just give the company a better choice to chose the most competitive candidates that can be the most suitable for the specific job, which is the key of maintaining competence in the market. This rule can also inspires the US citizen to work harder and be more competitive all over the world, which is what the "American Spirit" illustrates.
