I strongly support the opt - extension. The reasons is below:
1.United States need the students. United States universities educate the students, teach them, help them to become a people who may help United States. It doesn't make sense to just send them back to their home countries and help other countries. United States need the students to help US to develop the economic. Now there are 886,052 students studying in US and many of them are studying STEM. They want to contribute to the US economy and US economy need them.

2. The companies in US need the students. A lot of companies like Google, Microsoft need large amount of students to work for them. The number of employees they need is so big that the citizens could not fulfill the requirement.

3. The students could bring more job opportunities for US. Some people are concern that these STEM students may take the opportunities from US citizens. But in fact, they are bringing more opportunities. For example, these students help Google to standing in the top of the world, then Google could share a large amount of market in the world and make a lot of profit. These profit could help Google to hire more people. If we just send the STEM students back and Google may lose a lot of employees, then may lose the market share, which may cause Google to cut all the hiring headcount. So it is true that opt extension is helping US to create more job opportunities other than take them away.

4. The US citizens need the OPT-Extension policy. Just as I say above, the US economy depends on these STEM students and that's why US economy is so great and creating so many job opportunities. So US citizens also need the OPT-Extension policy to bring more jobs for them.

5. The US culture need the STEM students. As we know, United States are established by immigrators. Tens of thousands of immigrators build the United States and that's why US is the best country and greatest country in the world. The STEM students already get great educ