I strongly support this proposal of OPT extension. As a PhD candidate in a world-renowned university, I will speak from my own experience that such a OPT extension is necessary, and argue that it is also beneficial not only for myself but for the U.S., including the native U.S. workers.

First of all, for PhD students like me, we spent 5 or more years to earn a PhD degree, which means the subjects and problems we are dealing with is either difficult or long-term. We need a longer time (definitely more than 12 month) to practice on the knowledge and skills we gained through the PhD. If the U.S. does not allow such a long and stable period of practicing and training time, we simply won't be able to convert the knowledge to productivity, most of us will choose to leave the U.S. right after the graduation. It is definitely a loss to the U.S. since these young talents constitutes a large portion of the workforce for the high tech companies that drive the U.S. economy. In contrary, a favorable OPT policy will continue to attract more excellent foreign students to study in the U.S. and make contributions to it.

Second, OPT extension is beneficial for the U.S. It helps in the following ways:
1) It attracts more STEM talents from all over the world, which could improve the competitiveness of the U.S. in science and technology in the world.
2) It increases the diversity, which is what many media and educators considered to be the key to America's success
3) It also introduces more competition, which is good for the country as a whole. Just like the key role of competition in enterprise and business, no country can continue to thrive without proper competition.

Third, I think OPT extension is also beneficial for the native workers, contrary to the many downvote comments, in the following ways:
1) More competent STEM students working for high tech companies means stronger economy. After all, the economy of America is driven by IT and high tech industry. A stronger economy is 