I am writing to oppose the extension of OPT eligibility from 12 months to 36 months.

By no reasonable definition can someone who is three years removed from completion of his or her degree be considered a student. The proposed extension of OPT eligibility is nothing more than a backdoor attempt by a powerful business interest to expand its ability to hire lower wage foreign labor instead of American workers.

OPT actually encourages employers to hire foreign workers masquerading as students over U.S. workers. Because these workers are here on F-1 Visas, the employer can avoid paying payroll taxes for these worker -- a savings of about $10,000 a year per worker.

Moreover, the F-1 visa holders do not have the same rights as American workers to move from employer to employer, or to unionize. This gives employers enormous leverage over OPT workers that they would not have if they had to hire American workers.

There is a reason that the tech industry has spent $1.5 billion lobbying Congress and the Executive Branch on immigration. They want greater access to foreign workers. While that may be in the best interests of corporate bottom lines, it is not necessarily in the best interest of American workers or the nation. Restrictions on corporate access to foreign labor exist to balance the legitimate needs of business with the legitimate interests of American workers. All economic data indicate that the balance has shifted dramatically and dangerously in favor of business over workers.

There is no shortage of qualified STEM workers in the United States. There is no legitimate justification for expanding a government program that misclassifies workers as students in order to further undermine U.S. workers. STEM jobs are essential to maintaining what is left of our dwindling middle class. Americans who have invested their time, money and effort to train for jobs in these professions should not be pushed aside by thinly disguised effort by business interests to access lowe