feihong liu I strongly support the STEM OPT extension with all my effort! 

Voices from people are always be respected since the "The House of Burgesses". I know my voice will be heard, and my opinions can be reviewed as well. 

As a Ph.D. student in nano manufacturing area, I really appreciate that U.S. government can provide me this opportunity to let me come to this amazing land and begin my academic pursuit. Along with enjoying the process of developing cutting-edge technology, I am also considering about finding a job here. The constrain of my identity as a international student is already a strong barrier in the job market. It will demonstrate my value as an engineer if I got a job after competing with so many other merit students no matter they are US citizen or foreigners. Please Image the following situation: after one year, I have already sophisticatedly work in the company hired me. Because of the OPT limitations, I can only lottery for H1-B visa once and unfortunately I do not get it. What does this mean to the company who strongly need a specialist in this area like me? My work will be suspended and they have to looking for another skilled person to substitute my place. It hurts the company since the work can not be progressed in a continuous way, let alone the difficulty of searching a suitable person. What this mean to me? After I contributed for research of U.S. for 5years, I am not allowed to work in U.S. longer than one year except I got lucky? 

You may ask me why not just find a U.S. citizen who can also do the similar job as I do. The answer is quite straightforward. Few of local students have the skills that can acquire in the process of pursuit of M.S. degree or Ph.D. degree. I did not make it up. National Foundation for American Policy (NFAP) argues that "foreign students make up the majority of enrollments in U.S. graduate programs in many STEM fields, accounting for 70.3 percent of all full-time graduate students in electrical engineering, 63.2 percent in computer science, 60.4 percent in industrial engineering, and more than 50 percent in chemical, materials and mechanical engineering, as well as in economics (a non-STEM field)." "International students help many universities have enough graduate students to support research programs that help attract top faculty and that also thereby help U.S. students by having a higher-quality program than they otherwise would have, said Stuart Anderson, NFAPs executive director and author of the report. Without them, he said, youd see a shrinking across the board where youd have just certain schools that are able to support good programs. That would lead to a shrinking of U.S. leadership in education and technology if you have many fewer programs with high-quality research and top-level professors.[1] High quality research helps start-ups to form, which create jobs for local students and help decrease the rate of unemployment.

All in all, those high-tech jobs demands highly skilled master's and Ph.D students. The STEM OPT Extension Project protects the benefits of the high-tech companies, international students as well as the U.S. It definitely should be supported by U.S. government without any doubt and hesitation.
