In response to some non-supportive comments against the proposed OPT extension: 
1. The current tax law requires all workers in the United States to pay taxes under the same tax brackets standard. The only difference that F-1 workers and their employers may have is the Social security and Medicare taxes. Some comments stated hiring F-1 workers would hurt the social security tax system, but the fact is only F-1 workers that have been in the US for less than 5 calendar years get chance to avoid social security tax and thus the students with at least an undergraduate degree or a PhD degree are very unlikely qualified, so the percentage of F-1 workers with Social security tax exemption is underrepresented. 
2. Also, some comments argued that because the employers can save taxes by hiring F-1 workers, the employers would tend to hire more F-1 workers and not hire American citizens. The math here is not supportive. The cost due to the legal process and other requirements to keep a foreign employee is much more expensive than the cost of hiring an American citizen. No employers would ignore the cost of the visa petition/application (initial cost of more than 5000 dollars plus the termination compensation 5000 dollars or more occurs at the end of employment) and hire a foreigner mainly because they can save about 2000 to 5000 dollars per year in at most one or two years. (Most employers can't save any tax since the F-1 employee has a bachelor degree and a master degree or has a phd degree obtained in the US)
3. The real reason behind most of the employment between US employers and F-1 workers is that the job position needs a foreigner with STEM degrees and no enough qualified American citizen candidates can fit the job. I am a licensed patent practitioner. My job is preparing and prosecuting US patent applications for foreign inventors and also assisting US inventors to get foreign application granted. The challenge and opportunity of intellectual property is intrinsically 