After reading the program, I have to say this is a project which is highly beneficial for both United States and foreign students. 

1. Most cities and countries accepting migrants reasonably has the highest development. As we all know, New York, Shanghai and other financial center cities in the world has the most migrants. Why is that? Because when a city decides to welcome the people from outside, it is embracing the best chance to improve itself. So is the states. When DHS decides to extend the OPT for foreign talent students, it gives U.S. a best chance to enhance its technology, culture, society in all aspects.In contrast, whoever has the most anti-foreign sentiment will go down step by step. At this point, I have to mention Hongkong, the past most flourishing city in China before its anti-mainland sentiment destroyed its prosperity. In the past year, it is the most controversial year for Hongkong to release its local people emotion to drive the mainland people out. However, most local business was relying on the mainland people. When the anti actions of local people are on the way against exchange students, workers, and tourists from other parts of China, and fulfilling the press, their business is like mountains falling down. There are a lot of other history lessons like this. So, it is no doubt that welcoming people from outside is a wisdom movement to improve local economy, not to mention, the foreign students can survive in U.S. are probably elites in the world. Shorten their OPT time or driving them out of States is probably a least considerable idea for U.S., which may be a shortsighted or selfish opinion from a small group of U.S. citizens. 

2. The answer is no if there is a question about whether the F-1 students are occupying more and more limited jobs for U.S citizen. We are knowing that the 20s are most intelligent people who have the most creative mind among all of those ages, who are also the most part of F-1 students. If you allow them work in U