I support this rule to be approved. I am an international student from China. I have been in the US for three years. I am under the original 17 months OPT extension and work for a small company in Columbus, OH. I can show the benefits of this regulation to the US economy from my own experience. 

1) The American economy is great because of its freedom and creativity. The most important factor for the great economy is talented people who have a creative mind and good working spirit. Most of the international students coming to the US are working on a higher degree like master or PHD. They have good knowledge and research background. They contribute all their time to publishing high quality paper and patent. They are the engine of the new technology. They are also coming from different countries which have cultures of diversity. They will bring a different vision to the US society which is also good for the creativity. The international students will make the scale of the economy bigger and larger by their creative minds. This will turn to create more job opportunities and even more new industries. They are not competing with American people. They are helping American people to get hired and get more options for career.

2) Based on the current immigration laws for high tech immigrants, the companies need to sponsor their foreign employee to get the legal working visa to work for them. It means the companies will spend more to hire international students. In a fair job market, there is no reason for a company to hire an international students prior to a native. As for the career fair I went before in the university, more than 90% of the company will not hire an international students if they do not have great skills specific for a job position. The only chance the company will consider international students is when they can not find a good candidate for the work. In this case, the international students do not compete with the natives. They just fill the blank spot i