Henry Lee I support OPT extension.
1.It benefits US Economy. US education system specializes on STEM not only because its in-class education but also its comprehensive training and opportunities for student to fully evolve in these fields. And thats a major advantage to attract international students comparing to other countries. Why is it important to attract international students? Because its beneficial to economy. According to NAFSAs latest analysis, it shows that the 974,926 international students studying at U.S. colleges and universities contributed $30.5 billion and supported more than 373,000 jobs to the U.S. economy during the 2014-2015 academic year. It creates significant number of jobs because of the competitiveness. Comparing to that, OPT provides 50,000 workers totally, according to usnews.com. Its easily to see its a great business. Providing good conditions for international students will make the business better.

2.It boosts industry. It turns out STEM, especially high-tech related field, is the new economic growth point in this era. As a software developer in Silicon Valley, I work with several international students using OPT. They take up 1/10 to 1/7 staff in our company. Theyre hard working and intelligent, which makes work efficient. The real point is, theyre not stealing jobs from US citizens. Because our company cannot recruit enough workers no matter theyre US citizen or international students. We lack in skilled workers regardless of who they are. If theyre forced to leave America, itll definitely harm the industry. Nearly one third of the developers in our company will leave and you know what, this forces several projects stop. And even worse, are you willing to train a worker for a year and see him/her leave? Employers are not. It will be a big loss if these international students are forced to leave. They should have made much more profit for the company and this country.

3.It brings more talents. Its undeniable lots of intelligent people can have chance to stay here because of this. And this country is strong because of hard working people and also because it attracts talents. These STEM students receive high education, contribute to new jobs, pay taxes and obey the laws. Why close one eye for illegal immigrants and close a door for them? Its just ridiculous. 

