I am extremely supportive of the new OPT STEM extension policy.

Firstly, the United States itself was historically built upon immigrants. Traditionally, America is referred as a "melting pot," and welcomes people from lots of different countries, races, and religions, all hoping to find freedom, new opportunities, and a better way of life. It is this CHERISHED VALUE that attracts the most talented people all over the world to come to US and then contribute to the development of the science, culture and economy, making the US better and better. For example, a considerable amount of the Nobel laureates in US are first-generation immigrants. However, the prior OPT STEM extension cancellation pushes over ten thousands of people to leave US all of sudden. If this occurred, this event would release a signal that US is not welcoming immigrants anymore, extremely violating its traditional value and also extremely discouraging talented people further come to US world-widely. 

Secondly, a majority of the students using OPT STEM extension hold a doctoral degree. They actively work in colleges and companies to seek experiences that they could not obtain during their earlier studies, during which they apply their prior knowledge to some new research areas so as to advance the science and technology. This process usually combines with the emergence of new ideas, collaborations and patents, novel products, and new entrepreneurs chances, which will eventually create more job opportunities in future. This highly benefits the economy of the US. Additionally, during the OPT period, students may find the weakness of their knowledge. Then, they can contact their prior colleges so as to let them improve their quality of US education in future. 

Thirdly, students using OPT STEM extension come from a variety of countries, each with their own special culture. Having them together here helps US understand and learn the diversity of culture in the world. For example, thanks to the immigran