I support the proposed rule to improve and expand training opportunities for F1 students with STEM degrees. The reasons are as follows:
1. STEM F1 students, most with either a master or Ph.D. degree, contribute a great deal to the U.S. economy, especially in IT, micro electronics, bio-engineering etc. These students came to the U.S. with an "American Dream", they serve their company faithfully, take care of their family and the community, as well as pay taxes to repay the society and nation. They are also the population that has the lowest crime rate. Cutting the opportunity for OPT extension will result in millions of F1 graduates losing their jobs immediately and deported out of the country. This not only poses a negative sign on U.S. policy towards new high-tech immigrations, but also undermines U.S. high-tech industry tremendously. 
2. If we look back at the initiative of why opt stem extension came into being in the first place, we could see that it is because the STEM majors are the ones that are perceived as least attractive, time consuming, labor intensive, and painstaking jobs. Even if we cut off F1 graduates and leave all these job vacancies to U.S. citizens, there will still be a gap between the need and supply in the labor market---there might just not enough citizen labor that are attracted to these jobs. If one U.S. citizen and a F1 student with equivalent capacity in the job are interviewed by employer, it is very unlikely that the employer would bias towards the F1 student---they have to pay extra for application of H1 visa. On the other hand, if we bias towards U.S. citizens, without enough STEM-enthusiastic U.S.citizens to fill in the gap, the high-tech industry will be harmed due to insufficient labor resource.
3. The cancellation of this opportunity will also has an impact on prospective F1 student's perception of U.S. immigration policy. Learning the fact that there will be much less chance to stay and work in the U.S. after graduation, prospect