Soumen Sen Hi American unemployed job seeker, use your analytic approach,
problem not in OPT extension area, problem exist some where else.
Your problem will be solved out, if US congress implement rule to stop out
Indian and Chines IT firm's malpractice activities means abuse of h1b visa.
I am explaining sequentially one by one.

1. Chinese or Indian firm send bachelor degree holder with only 2 years 
experience without master degree in any advanced knowledge STEM 
category. They are fit for most low grade work where advanced knowlewdge
is not require.We know H1B is designed for very specilization area
So master degree should mandatory to qualify for H1B visa with limited quota
for each country. 

2. Secondly due to US immigration policy, those Indian firm specially 
abuse of H1B visa means they are applying thousands of h1B visa
which is not tally with their current US assignment. 
So US congress should pass a rule immediately to reduce this type of
H1B visa abuse activities.

Lastly I want to say that US eduactaed foreign student are really talented
and they contribution to help growth of US economy. So H1B visa should allow
only for US educated foreign student. Listen my US unemployed job seek,
job competition should exists otherwise quality of employees will be shortage
in US. US firm also should provide training to US citizen like foreign student 
OPT option. Salary should be equal for all. US firm always favor US citizen first, 
all of you know very well this information because H1B visa now in lottery system
due to abouse of h1B visa from India and China mainly and they don't like to take 
lots of trouble to get H1B visa for their international employee.

So please don't thing negative approach as per OPT extension issue. DHS OPT
extension proposal is perfectly OK as per to protect job seeker of US citizen is concerned.
Just read in detail DHS proposal, then we can understand DHS try to implement
lots of restriction to get OPT extension proposal.

I am requesting to DHS board should consider the above drawback of h1B visa issue 
system, otherwise real talented international student who have study from US university 
as well as US citizen job seeker will be deprived from US job.

With Regards

Soumen Sen

