Nishitha Gundala I would like to submit the following comments in response to the USICE Proposed Rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students," published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

As an international student in the United States, I pursued (or am pursuing) a STEM degree and graduated (or will graduate) in 2016 December with a degree in the field of __information technology_____. The recent decision in Washington Alliance of Technology Workers v. U.S. Department of Homeland Security has eliminated the STEM OPT extension. Without the availability of a STEM extension, unless my employer is able to obtain an H-1B visa when the filing period commences on April 1, 2016, I will need to leave the United States when my OPT period concludes.



The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Graduates



The proposal to reinstitute the STEM extension will provide valuable hands-on, educational experience in which STEM graduates gain real-world immersion into a chosen industry. This experiential learning will allow me to integrate knowledge and theory learned in the classroom with practical application and skills development in a professional setting. STEM graduates like me should be given more opportunity to gain valuable applied experience and make connections in professional fields they are considering for career paths. The additional OPT time will provide me with more broad exposure to industries and organizations to aid in personally developing and exploring career possibilities as well as creating a professional network. These benefits also will encourage future international students to join STEM programs in the U.S. and allow U.S. companies to remain competitive globally.



The OPT STEM Extension Should be Retained for the Benefit of STEM Employers



Providing more OPT opportunities to STEM graduates will assist U.S. companies in the application of the latest strategies and techniques in the field. Expanding opportunities for STEM graduates benefits employers in high-tech industries by helping them to maintain connections with colleges and increase visibility on campus. This aids to promote community involvement and creates awareness of the field for future students and future employees. In addition, expanding practical training opportunities for international students will enhance U.S. companies by providing novel perspectives, fresh ideas, new processes, and specialized skill sets to augment the abilities of staff employees. Finally, STEM students will allow employers the opportunity to accomplish bigger projects, achieve more innovation, and develop new products and technology, all of which will further fuel the U.S. economy.



The Duration of the STEM Extension Should be 24 Months



In order to be a meaningful learning experience, a 24-month extension combined with the initial 12 month OPT period is the appropriate duration to allow me to meet my planned learning goals and allow for active reflection on I am accomplishing throughout the experience. Students with up to 36 months of practical training can be assigned more challenging projects that better complement academic programs and career interests.





Formal Training Program and Customized Mentoring and Training Plan Will Help Me Integrate Classroom Knowledge with Practical Application



Establishing goals and a professional roadmap at the start of my practical training will assist me in clearly identifying my learning objectives and planning how they will be accomplished. Completing this with my employer's input will guide both my employer and me to make a more meaningful learning experience.
Cap-Gap Relief is an Important Part of the 2008 Rule and Should be Retained
Options to Address Pending Applications and Students Already Granted a 17-Month Extension
DHS should minimize the potential impact on STEM students in the event a final rule does not take effect before the vacatur of the 2008 Interim Final Rule. Many STEM students chose U.S. universities for higher education because of the availability of 29 months of practical training under the current rule. It would be a huge disappointment if students would instead only be able to remain for 12 months due to a delay in rulemaking. Therefore, the following options should be considered to best address STEM students already in OPT: First, any application for OPT STEM extension received by USCIS but not yet adjudicated prior to vacatur should be kept on hold until the new rule is in place. Second, any student already approved for a 17-month extension should be allowed to continue employment based on the approved OPT STEM extension. Third, a student in the 60-day grace period following initial period of OPT should be given the opportunity to apply for a STEM extension if the new rule takes effect during the student's 60-day grace period.

thanks,
Nishitha
