The OPT and its extension program is a win-win strategy for both U.S. society and foreign students; I strongly support it. 

First, STEM graduates are crucial for the survival of the American tect companies; they dramatically improve their competitiveness of these companies. Because of the status/visa issue, the foreign graduates must take further steps of harding working and show higher expertise to get employed. Relatively lower cost and higher productivity with better quality, American tect companies who hire those graduates student get significant enhancement of their competitiveness. Without it, these companies would loss their advantages, and therefore are very likely be defeated or even bought by other foreign companies. Because without the OPT opportunities, those valuable graduates will join in the foreign competitors of these American tect companies. To my knowledge, in my companies and many similar American companies in the oil and gas industry, the administration staff, managers, directors, are almost all Americans. They did not study STEM; they studies business, management, law, etc. They are in charge of the companies. In the case losing competitiveness and shutting down of the companies, everybody will lose job, including the American administrators and managers.

Second, American students definitely have, and actually better, opportunities to study STEM fields and find relevant jobs. My five years experience of studying in U.S. witnesses the reason why American student do not study STEM fields. Because they think STEM fields are harder, and more importantly, they make less money. For example, average starting salary for law graduates is $160,000 versus $80,000 for physics PhD (www.forbes.com). My officemate as a PhD graduate is a white American who really loves geophysics, working hard and performing greatly. He receives multiple offers before graduation. Actually, three American students out of my ten classmates are the first three graduates receivi