Jiang Chen I would like to express my support to extend OPT by 24 months for students with STEM degrees.

USA is the best country in the world, and at the same time also a very diverse nation consisting of a huge variety of cultures and ethnicity. Many of the best nations are countries with large diverse populations and I would argue that the ability to attract and retain the best and brightest young graduates and professionals precisely promotes a better society and a better nation as a whole.

Many people may not want immigration; many people do not want to see immigrants replace the jobs of American citizens. F1 students on OPT are not immigrants, their stay is only temporary. They are talented young individuals, many of whom graduated from top ranked US colleges, who only to offer their services to American companies what serve Americans. Not every country in the world have the opportunity to attract the brightest young professionals of the entire world to work at their own companies, this is due to the top tier US higher education system. The United States have this opportunity, and it would be a pity to not take full advantage of this opportunity. Young professionals offer some of the best new ideas and will be very important for the modern era of innovation. 

After their temporary stay in the USA working for American firms, they may return to their own country and bringing with them American values and ideals too. Not only will they contribute some of their best years to American companies, but they will also bring home American ideas of democracy, human rights, liberty, opportunity, and equality. Not only that, they will spread the American way of life, promote the purchase of American products (such as iPhones, jeans, coca cola etc.), and spread American values such as capital markets and credit spending. In a sense, the extension of OPT will not only benefit USA, but will also spread the influence of USA across the world!

Some may argue that even a temporary stay may impact the jobs of American citizens. Then let me assure you that American citizens have huge advantages in employment compared to international students on OPT due to reasons such as: non-resident status, language barrier, expiration of legal status, inability to work for government agencies and often scrutinized. If US citizens can not compete for jobs with international students who have huge disadvantages, then I believe the problem is not with international students.

Another point I would like to point out is that the F1 student visa OPT program directly attracts international students to study in the USA. International students unlike domestic students have no access to federal funds and loans and are far more likely to be fully self-funded, and hence bring foreign cash in to USA! International students contributes greatly to the funding of many prestigious colleges and it is in the interest of US citizens to attract more international students who pay more fees, in order to keep domestic fees low!

24 month extension is by no means a long time. Without this extension there may be less incentive in finding a job after graduation only to leave in several months' time. There will be less incentive to hire employees if they know they can only work for a year. Having bright young professionals work in the US temporarily is in the best interest of USA as a whole, and I sincerely believe the proposed extension of 24 months will contribute to a brighter future for the great nation of United States of America.

