Gerald Drolet Richard Trumpka, President of the AFL-CIO:
"expanding de facto guest worker programs like Optional Practical Training (OPT) - through which employers hire more than 120,000 young college graduates per year who hold F-1 visas - but do not even guarantee that those foreign graduates are paid the minimum wage, let alone the prevailing wage, chase Americans out of computer science and creates a self-fulfilling 'shortage' as Americans respond to a relatively better market as engineers in other fields."
"In 2002, 14.5% of black science and engineering majors chose computer science, versus 11.5% for all Americans. But by 2012, because of declining job prospects, the share of black science majors choosing computer science fell to 9.8%."
"The next Sergei Brin might be sitting in an American classroom right now, but if that future innovator cannot get an entry-level job in high tech because employers prefer importing temporary workers, entrepreneurial innovations will not occur in the United States."

David North, formerly of the U.S. Labor Department:
"there is no training in this program. It is just one more foreign worker program and it has nothing to do with students; it is for recent alien college graduates."
"U.S. employers are given a substantial bonus for hiring an alien college grad rather than an American college grad with the same skills and the same salary...it can be above $10,000."
"DHS, by defining a recent college grad as a student, takes both the worker and the employer out from under payroll taxes -- thus penalizing the Social Security and Medicare trust funds directly, and our elders indirectly."
"If the bonus given to employers for hiring a STEM graduate is worth $10,000 under the old rules, it is now worth $12,000, and is that much more likely to cause an employer to hire a former F-1 student than a green card or citizen graduate."

Ron Hira of Howard University: 
"It is pure fiction that someone with a master's degree in electrical engineering needs an additional three years to work as an intern to be a productive professional. Instead, the duration seems to come out of thin air, based purely on what the political types in the Obama White House believe that they can get through without facing significant opposition."
"It's an over-reach to claim that someone who completes a master's degree in as little as 12 months needs three years interning -- at low or no pay in many cases -- to get further training."

Daniel Costa, of the Economic Policy Institute:
the worker protections included in the new rule "are so vague and deferential to employers that they will be virtually unenforceable in practice in any meaningful way."

Ian Smith of the Immigration Reform Law Institute:
"Like other employment-visa programs, OPT works to lower the wages and living standards of a growing portion of the middle class."
"Although tech workers' wages have been flat for years and thousands of American STEM grads are out of work, tech executives and shareholders are rolling in money."
DHS "is neglecting its duty under federal guidance to discuss crucial economic considerations, such as how many OPT workers will be hired instead of American workers; how many STEM grads have given up finding work in the STEM field; how the new rule will affect tech-worker wages and American STEM-grad employment."
"Not only will this artificially expand the domestic labor pool by hundreds of thousands, but 100 percent of the new recruits will be young and therefore cheap, and almost guaranteed to neither unionize nor get poached from competitors (because their 'student' visas will be tied to their employers)."
"because these workers are still technically 'students,' they won't have to pay payroll taxes, saving the company around $10,000 for each of the three years they're in the program."

Joe Cunningham of Red State:
"One of the big education pushes in the United States is to increase STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Math) education and create a workforce better suited to the jobs available in the modern era. Even schools that are not dedicated STEM schools are pushed to increase their STEM education, and other communities have gotten together to create STEM initiatives to supplement education."
But DHS' proposed rule "is pushing the ones raised and trained at home out of the job market that we created these education initiatives for and handing those jobs to students who have no ties to the U.S. other than their education."
