Hemanth Ande I myself was a student who graduated in 2008 with a Masters Degree in Electrical and Computer Engineering, and was the first batch of the students to use the 17 months OPT extension. After successful establishing myself as a software engineering consultant and also about to become an entrepreneur this is my thoughts.

STEM OPT Extension is a a crucial element in building a team of smart young and energetic people with creative ideas and hugely beneficial for both students as well as employers. 

1. With longer duration ( Total 27 months of EAD) for staying in the country and ability to work for any employer ( Else only 12 months) It gives time as well as flexibility for graduating students to apply and get a job in a company they like to work. even if they join a company they do not like to work they have some time on their hand to look for other opportunities, 
they can be much more productive and creative with out this they are in constant stress of ( would the employer file H1B if they decide to stay in the Country or if they have to leave and go back to their home country 1 year is a very short duration) 
2. Just having 1 year makes it very hard for employers to hire the graduating students , and as well as the complications associated with H1B visa.
3. 1 year and being on the clock puts lot of pressure on the students to take up "A Job" and if they graduate in slump of the market they they have to wait until the season picks up and hence shortening the actual 1 Year length.
4. For most of the companies projects tend to run at least 2 years - 4 years hence hiring some one and training them and again to loose them in 6- 9 months is not really any motivating factor to hire the International talent, hence the International students are already get a second hand bargain for the same job competing with the citizens and permanent resident Graduating students.

I can write my whole life story here , but in essence giving a graduating student an opportunity to creatively explore what that student can bring to this amazing country, with out having 12 month time ticker would amazingly help both the STEM community , Employers as well as the students.
