I would like to elaborate the benefits and the shortcomings if this proposal was denied. 
If the proposed policy was denied: 
1. Many companies concerning the STEM disciplines have to recruit a huge number of employees at a short time to cover the vacancy. The number could be as large as hundreds of thousands. As we know people majoring in STEM disciplines are minority compared to art psychology and economic. A large part of STEM students are from other countries, will the companies recruit enough employees shortly? Who will pay for their lost then? 
2. The US is acclaimed for her freedom and equality, this is a land where every one share the equal right of human, no matter whats his race and ethnicity, no matter his nationality. This impression will be ruined once the proposal is denied. 
3. If you think its good for the American employees majoring in STEM and the US citizens career, you are definitely wrong. Some people may know the Gresham's Law, which is a law briefly stated as bad money drives out good money. The companies, of course, hire the right person that can maximum their benefit, otherwise, why they would pay extra money to sponsorship status of the employees. They will have to hire some people may not be perfect for the positions where the employees on OPT used to work. Its hard to say the latter is better than the OPT people. 
4. Foreign students will drastically decrease. According to the statistics, about half of foreign students go back to their countries after graduation, one third of them will go back after a short term of work in the US, only a tiny ratio of them will stay in the US. However, a short OPT period will damage more peoples interest rather than the tiny part, and lead to the decrease of foreign students.

Lets see from the other side, what are the advantages if the new rule is approved?
1. The world is becoming more and more united and smaller than the past, people are looking for their positions fit for them all over the planet. Ame