I agree with this plan to improve and expand the training opportunities for F-1 Non-immigrant Students with STEM Degrees. Here are some arguments for my opinion:

First and foremost, instead of be said in some other comments that this plan will harm the economy of the U.S., I strongly believe the plan will contribute to the prosperity of the U.S.: STEM majors are carefully choose by the experts in the Federal Governments, which are urgently needed by the labor market of the United States. Allowing STEM students reasonable time to work for STEM positions will not only benefit the students for gaining experience, but also, most importantly, relieve the urgent need in these specific fields, and help to advance the step of science and technology, and boost the economy in the United States. Admittedly, there will be competitions introduced by expanding the opportunity for F-1 STEM students, but on one hand, the threat for domestic students be not able to find a job in the STEM field is really minimum, because of the prevailing hesitation of employers in the U.S. to hire F-1 employee, who has limited eligible time for working, and has risk of ineligible to continue working due to the expiration of current working authorization; on the other hand, competition help with improving the average expertise levels of domestic STEM students and aboard, which will therefore benefit all the STEM fields and the U.S. economy.

Moreover, I believe 24 months' extension is a reasonable for STEM students. As a students graduated from STEM fields myself, I witnessed so many talented F-1 students who did not graduate from STEM field were refused by the employers in the U.S. after the first question of their citizenship or eligible time to work in the United States. Some of them are in the Dean's list all their study years; some have strong expertises and communication skills in the fields they study. But they were turned down by the employers just because they were not allowed enough time t