Maxwell Fisher I support Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students.

My reasons are here.

What is American? 
To answer this question. I would like to quote Declaration of Independence:
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all men are created equal, that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable Rights, that among these are Life, Liberty and the pursuit of Happiness.
The students who are now studying in American universities are pursuing their happiness, and they do study and work hard. Think about the pioneers who first came to America to pursue their own happiness. The students now have no difference. They came here legally and bravely, and they would like to work and contribute to American economy. Should we give them the opportunity? I strongly believe the answer is YES. As a country of immigrants, arent their spirits we Americans value? 

Are we afraid of competitions?
I believe the American people isnt afraid of competitions. I notice that a lot of comments here suggest that we should give American student the opportunities, not the students who are not American. But I thinks avoiding competition is the worst strategy to win. The abilities to success must be sharpened in real battles. If I am coach of a football team, I would let my team to play and win, but not avoiding games. Taking communism as an example, its economy and jobs do not have a free market, so there is no competition, everyone has a job which the government guaranteed to give. However, did their economy as strong as Americas? Apparently, NO. A competitive job market is the best place to grow our strength, both for individuals and for the country as a whole.

Dont we want the good players on our team?
If we send them back, they will no doubt work for the companies in others countries. This is like training soldiers in our training centers and send them back, so they will fight a battle against us. And the funny thing is their wanted to serve America, and almost every single one of them paid the training fee themselves.

In conclusion, we should provide a 24-month period for the students who want to work here in America. Its consistent to the spirit of America. It will make our economy stronger. And it wont send good player to our competitors. Thank you for reading. 
