Before I start to make my comments, probably I should provide some background information about myselfso that hopefully you may agree that at lease my comments are not too biased . I have graduated from my masters degree from the business school here in the US for more than one year ago, and luckily my application for H1B got selected on its first attempt. Thus, I did not fully utilize the extended OPT even though I graduated from a STEM program. With my background being said I still highly agree on this extension act for the extended OPT from 17 months to 24 months. Following are my reasons of why

1. 24 months policy is more fair to all graduates no matter if they get graduated in May or Dec. From my observations the engineering students in general get more freedom on their graduation time vs students from some other schools. Like my master program was a 9 months program, thus all course times are fixed, and we could only graduate in the month of May. Comparing between the two graduation times May vs. Dec.), the biggest impact is probably how many times one can submit the H1B application. With the current 17 months policy, graduates in May can get up to two lotery ticket and graduates in Dec. can get up to three. And literally others is no quality difference between the students graduated on these two different times. 

2. The extended opt would be more beneficial to the good quality students which ultimately would benefit the US labor market. The extended OPT would only be valuable for someone who already has a job with an e-verified company. Which means the low quality graduates would get naturally filtered out by the job market if they fail to find a qualified job for OPT extension. Thus the few extra months of extended OPT would just be the bridge to help those who need some buffering time before they get their H1B. Which helps the US labor market to keep those high quality graduates. 

3. Enhance work effectiveness and efficiency. With the longer OPT time, th