It is not only beneficial, but also necessary to have the OPT STEM extension. I see a lot of comments have multiple concerns about foreign students would hamper local US employees jobs and payroll, there are some facts:

Contrary to the declaration of there are enough local US STEM workers and no foreign STEM workers are needed to take away their jobs, the fact is, for bachelor's degree holders, 35% of the foreign born have a degree in a STEM field, compared to just 19% of the U.S. born; for master's degree holders, the difference is even more striking, with 54% of the foreign born versus 20% of the U.S. born having a STEM degree; and for PhDs the difference is larger still with 70% of the foreign born versus 42% of the U.S. born having a STEM degree.

Contrary to the statement of foreign students are paid less and therefore took away US jobs from citizens, the fact is, comparing U.S.-born and foreign-born workers in STEM jobs with the same education and years of experience reveals that their wages are substantially the same.Either across the broader STEM labor market or within individual STEM occupations, including computer programmers and software developers, there is no statistical difference between the earnings of immigrant and native-born labor. 

For the argument about foreign students in STEM would cause increased unemployment, the fact is, according to the data from the Current Population Survey show that the unemployment rate for STEM occupations fell from 4.5% in 2009 to 2.5% in 2012, barely above its 20-year average of 2.45%. In computer occupations (software developers, computer scientists, computer systems analysts), the unemployment rate has declined even more dramaticallyfrom 5.4% in 2009 to 2.5% in 2012and is now below its 20-year average of 2.8%

References
Costa, Daniel. "STEM Labor Shortages?" EPI Briefing Paper #195, November 19, 2012. Federation for American Immigration Reform. "H-1B Visas: Harming American Workers,"
http://www.fairus.org/issue