To whom it may concern,

I strongly support the new STEM OPT ruling, for it allows US to keep their well trained bright minds to stay in the country and be part of what we have built even greater.

With the prospective of a better and stronger economic recovery from 2008 financial crisis, unemployment rate has fallen to 5.1% (Source: September Employment Situation Summary, Bureau of Labor Statistics, http://www.bls.gov/news.release/empsit.nr0.htm), which has not been seen for years. Both amount of part time workers and marginally attached workers dropped in September, showing the sign that the job market thrives with not only more jobs, but jobs with better quality and brings more job security. It's needless to say that the job market is recovering with strength, and it craves qualified, well trained and discipline workers to fulfill highly technical positions. The STEM graduates are exactly the match to what is seeking after in the job market. The foreign students who study STEM are hard-working young men and women who appreciate their opportunity to receive the best STEM education in the world, and they devote their time to pursue the best GPAs for what they have invested for their education. The foreign STEM students are the most talented, self-driven and goal-oriented groups I have met and known in the US campuses. They're qualified through strict applicant selections by the school they applied -- we only want the most intelligent brains to join our colleges, that's for sure. We as a great nation have invited them to study the hardest, toughest problems, it's a big waste to let them go back to their home nations directly without giving them a chance to repay the country with what they've mastered over years of education -- we the people deserve to profit from our education investment on them.

The new ruling is not opening a window to job thieves, it does not deprive existing jobs and hand them to foreign graduates. The new STEM ruling will increase competition 