Tong Jin I strongly support the proposal for the following reason:

1. The proposal is both helpful to the international student and US. For the international student, only a relative long-time OPT is helpful, because few employer is likely to hire a person who can only work within 12 months. Also a longer OPT is more helpful to the international students to get more working experience. For the US, the STEM students are what the US really need. All of the STEM student devote themselves on IT, Engineering, Science and Math. Many US companies on these industries are lack of such kind of employee. Also the STEM students are the most important one to help the US leading the world on the STEM industries.

2. Assume that the proposal failed and there is no longer any OPT extension for the STEM international students, the international STEM applicants for the US universities will consider about going to other countries for the education such as Canada, Australia or somewhere else, because they provide a more friendly working authorization for the international student. And this is no doubt harmful to US economy.

3. The STEM international students are not harmful to the most of US residents on seeking a job. Some people may have the idea that the STEM international students will get the jobs which belonged to the US residents. But the truth is that US is lacking of the STEM kinds of employee. IT and Engineering companies seek for and hire a large amount of STEM students every year, because there is not enough US residents applicants on these industries. In the other words, most STEM students are working on the fields where only US residents applicants and employees are not enough for the industries instead of some competitive fields which is even unable offer enough for the US residents.

All in all, I strongly support on the proposal because it is helpful to the US economy and not harmful to the US people. In addition, most STEM students are the ones who are talent, who have ability and the most important, who have a American Dream on devote themselves on America and the world.
