Edward Wei The new rule for STEM opt extension is much more complete and systematic, thus more beneficial to both the employers and those students who comply with the extensions requirements. In the same time, the rule expands consideration of influence of local U.S. Workers, making it a fair job environment for both the US workers and stem students.
First, the rule increases requirements for employers participating in STEM opt extension and strengthen the e-verify program. This makes sure the participating employers are those who can afford the fixed and variable costs of STEM opt extension and have the scale big enough to make profit from hiring international students after the costs. Meanwhile, those employers that are excluded from the STEM opt extension program leave all its employment opportunities to U.S. local workers, building up a protection barrier for the U.S. local workers.
Second, the opt extension program focuses on specific disciplines of STEM, and it's intrinsic need of the STEM related companies to have a longer opt extension which enables international students to work for a longer period. The STEM disciplines are all around the topic of science and technology, the disciplines which require long-term research and study. Thus, results and skills obtained from these disciplines are hard to build. We can't expect a worker in STEM related industry like Data analysis and software developing to achieve proficiency within a year or even shorter time. So it's in the employers' benefit to provide longer working permission for their employees. Only in its way can the employers in U.S. accomplish the highest efficiency and largest interest.
Third, more importantly, it's in the nature of STEM disciplines to rely on talents all over the world for development and breakthrough. These are the most important disciplines that make breakthroughs to make the world looks like today and people live like today. And a large portion of the breakthroughs contain the contributions from foreigners and aliens. We know that Einstein came from German, Elon Musk comes from South Africa. It's essential for the nation to make use of global talents.
Four, we need to focus on the fact that many of the international students in STEM disciplines couldn't have related jobs back to their home country. This fact is a reflection of the world's undevelopment and unfairness. As the most developed and powerful nation, America should undertake the responsibility to bridge the difference between different parts of the world and eliminate the unfairness globally by endowing these students access to the high-tech industries here.
In a word, the new rule for STEM opt extension deserves the attention and acceptance, for it will help nourish the high-tech industries which builds up the unparalleled advantage of the nation and show the world its commitment to close the gap between the world.
