I strongly support the OPT extension rule. Im an international student from China and in my master of Biochem study in US. When I was about to get my bachelor degree in China, I decided to receive graduate education abroad. Besides USA, I also considered other countries like Canada, Singapore, UK, etc. A main reason that the graduate education in US attracted me (and many other international students, I believe) is the OPT extension which gives an excellent opportunity for the students to accumulate experience and training in industry world after graduation. If this opportunity gets cancelled, the education institutes in US will lose attraction to those international students when they compare with other target countries. This is a loss for the US education industry in the global market.
The experience in industry that OPT offers can benefit the students to find job after they return to their home countries. With all my family members and memories in China, I will come back to China eventually. But before that, if I can apply what I learn in schools to the US high-tech industry development, that will make me much more competitive in the job market in China. Many research projects would last for more than one year. If the OPT is only one year, foreign STEM workers cannot work on those projects because they will face VISA issue before project completion. 
Lastly, some American propose to terminate this rule because of the fear to possible competition brought by the foreign students during OPT. I would say competition is always there. Less foreign students doesn't mean a job opportunity for an unqualified worker. Why the companies should hire those domestic unqualified workers instead of just direct outsource to foreign companies with a much favorable price, and the staff in the foreign company might have studied in US but cannot stay because of the VISA issue. If that would happen, I think it is greater loss for the country of USA. An important reason why USA can keep