I agree with the proposed rule that permits eligible STEM graduates to receive a maximum STEM OPT extension of 24 months. My comment comprises two parts: 1) arguments for evidence used in opposing comments and 2) suggestions for safeguarding native U.S. workers. 

1) Over 200 opposing comments quoted two conclusions "OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013", and "OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds" from an article by David North, such as comment ID 1jz-8lz5-5cro, 1jz-8m3a-b3c5, etc. The original article is titled "Obscure Immigration Program Hurts U.S. Residents Both Young and Old". However, both conclusions are obtained from calculations based on STRONG ASSUMPTIONS, not ACTUAL STATISTICAL EVIDENCE.

1.1) For the conclusion about OPT denied jobs, North "assume that virtually every job that is now filled by a 12- or a 17-month OPT worker could be filled from the vast number of unemployed residents of this country." 

This assumption relies on an illusion that the unemployed residents are from STEM major and have the same skill set as the job posting requires. However, studies show job openings in STEM major takes longer to fill than openings in other fields. "For STEM openings requiring a Ph.D. or other professional degree, advertisements last an average of 50 days, compared to 33 days for all non-STEM vacancies." (written by Jonathan Rothwell from the Brookings Institution) 

From an employer's perspective, hiring a native worker often ensure stable, long-term human resource with less regulatory procedures. On the other hand, hiring an OPT student is a comparatively unstable and costly choice, because they do not know whether F1 students would be permitted to continue working in the country. If yes, the employer needs to spend extra cost for possible sponsorship in work visa and green card applications. If not, the employer may face the extra cost to hire and train another worker. That is, w