I strongly support OPT STEM extension.

First, it is the key to the success of the United States. US providing the best higher education to the best students all over the world. It does not make sense if let them leave the US, return to their original country after their graduation. Why the US is the strongest country in the world? Because US attracted the most talent people in the world. A large part of the most successful figures in science and technology industry in the US are originally international students. They received the best education, and then start to contribute to US, using the OPT and OPT STEM extension opportunities. Without these wonderful opportunities, they would have returned to their own country, start their business, lead their research, serve for their military forces, and help their own country to surpass the US.

Maybe some people hold the narrow opinion that international students are seizing the job opportunities of US native workers. This is very short-sighted and selfish. Most of the international students who need OPT STEM extension receive the highest education in the US, and they are seeking opportunities like engineers and scientists. Is US having too many engineers and scientists in the US? No!!! US has too few of them. China, India, Russia and Brazil are spending a huge amount of money to attract the best scientists and engineers to go to their countries; and US, are thinking of expelling them because they are seizing job opportunities of local workers? How many local workers are qualified for the top-level scientists and engineers positions that require years of master or even doctoral level training? I don't know the exact number, but I believe 0.01% might be an over-estimate.

Besides,the OPT STEM extension opportunity will create more job opportunities for local people. Many of the international students are seeking for scientists and engineering positions, and they need the opportunity to gain working experience in the US. Bu