I have to strongly agree with the proposed rule, and here is my reason,

From I was a child I heard the United States is a multi-ethnic country, who welcome people from all over the world to chase for a dream and make a better living. Base on this belief, I came to US to pursue high-end education and contribute to the society. However, upon graduation, the overwhelming strict immigration rules of US makes everything much harder. 

It is the first time I have to deal with all the immigration regulations when I started to looking for a job, and that's how I found it America probably not what it was claimed as. As a country claimed as welcoming workforce and intelligence from all over the world, the US doesn't seem to be really hospitable. I found a lot of situations where the job was "permanent residence only", and even for those job we can take, it was highly restricted by the immigration rules. Here comes to the OPT regulations. 

It is clearly 1 year OPT is too short for foreign students to really accommodate themselves with all the immigration regulations. Please notice it is not because of lack of any personal skills, but simply because of some regulations they have no choice with, no matter how hard they work. This is actually another kind of discrimination, to the immigrants who work hard to make a better living in this country, and it is against the core value of the United States.

STEM students are a group well-educated, intelligent and highly skilled people, and I see no reason why a well developed country won't welcome these people, they will surly make a positive effect and great contribution to the whole society and the country. 

As H1B has a cap since 2008 and everything there will be certain amount of people can't get the working Visa on time, this population is accumulated so that the situation become worse and worse. Currently even for advance degree holders only half of them can get H1B every year, and because the rest will roll over to the next ye