I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:
1. Competition improves efficiency: look at Taiwan where foreigners cannot or very hard to get work permit. OPT does not result in grabbing US citizens' jobs. If you think in this way, then you are too shortsighted! Look at Taiwan, they don't allow foreigners to work in Taiwan. However, their economy slow down because of brain drain and talent shortage. I am strongly convinced that allowing international students to PROSPER in the US would bring in far more jobs than the number( in short term) saved by driving them out. Government should have vision instead of just looking at short term figures!!!!! 

2. OPT brings the USA wisdom, ideas and money!!!!!!!!! Look at Google, Facebook, LinkedIn, those IT companies, you will know how international students making huge contributions to America. International students who could have the chance to go to America to pursue higher degree must be smart and excellent in their home country. It's America's priceless treasure to have those talents working for them. 

3. We need more time to complete projects!! One year is not enough for real projects!!!!! I have a friend worked for Tripadvisor for one year. She did not get H1b visa so she left with her project unfinished. She had already spend the whole year learning algorithms, building models and writing codes. However, she left with this interesting project unfinished. This project should have generated huge profit for US company Tripadvisor.

4. Globalization is a trend!!! Google shut down its office in China. Facebook is illegal in China. Tripadvisor's asian market is developing over the years, but still unsatisfactory and not truly open. Do you know why is that? Because they not KNOW their overseas market very well. OPT is a very good solution. International students who earned their degree in America know American culture and American working style. When they come back to their home country, they could act as intermed