I strongly support the newly proposed OPT STEM extension, not because it would benefit the F-1 students, but more importantly, because it would benefit the U.S. economy and the country as a whole. Here are my reasons:

First of all, contrary to those who argue that international students mean cheap labor, a little research would show that employers hire F-1 students NOT because they are less paid, but because they are qualified (if not more qualified) for the jobs. International student often have the same salary as their American colleagues within the same rank, and they actually sometimes incur more expenses to their employers because of the legal paperwork they require. Qualified F-1 students are good candidate for the job market not because they are cheap labor, but because they are talented individuals who are skilled, diligent, adaptive, and as a result, contribute to the whole U.S. economy.

Secondly, those who argue that international students take over American jobs are not seeing the whole picture. It is natural to think that when a job becomes available and is taken by a foreign worker, it is a lost opportunity for any American. However, one often forgets that if the foreign worker is more qualified than his/her American counterparts (he/she has to be in this case because he/she gets the job), he/she would produce more efficiently on the job and therefore would either bring the cost of whichever he/she is producing down, or produce with better quality. Lower cost means cheaper products available to the American public, and better quality simply means better life. This is especially true in the science and technology industries where there is a shortage of American talents. If employers were required to stop hiring more qualified international students, it might help employment for Americans but it's at the cost of inefficient production. Economics lessons taught me that society needs full production, not full employment. To me, it's clearly a waste of tal