I am a co-founder of a tech startup in NYC. Nowadays it is extremely challenging to find qualified software engineers without considering international candidates. So far this year, my company's recruitment costs alone consumed about 30% of our seed fund. In the current market, companies need to pay a lot to recruit high quality programming talents to fill open positions in under six months. There are simply not enough qualified candidates in the existing job market. I don't see the point of further shrinking the candidate pool when it is already small if this proposal does not pass. There are about 7 people in our 30-person tech team who are on OPT/H1B and to be honest it would be a devastation to my company if I have to let all 7 of them go in February 2016. 

I read some of the comments here and frankly I don't understand why people keep mentioning the Disney example and saying that this program will take jobs from American citizens. The technology industry is very different than the old D's. Generally speaking, technology companies hire engineers and scientists, and through the products that they make, more jobs will be created. Hiring any engineer would help the U.S. economy. Take my company's business model as example, by successfully hiring a software engineer, regardless of whether or not they are a U.S. citizen, we can add more new features to our product. With new features and innovative products we can hire more salespeople, marketing people and tech support engineers to market and provide support to our customers. I cannot fathom why others are commenting that these engineers are taking American citizens' jobs. As far as I can see, they are creating more jobs for Americans. It is a simple win-win policy. 

I believe strengthening this STEM OPT extension program would create a constant stream of jobs in America. As long as STEM students are working in the innovation industries, they are bringing jobs in associated industries. The pros to our economy of ma