The benefits of STEM extension for the US
For most international STEM students who plan to work in the United States for a couple of years, this extension is no doubt a good thing. What I am going to argue here is the tangible benefits of such an extension to the US economy and job market.
When international students apply for master programs in the US, most of them, if they can handle maths, coding, would choose to study a stem major because of the attraction of relatively high quality US education and the STEM OPT policy enabling those who may find a related job after graduation. I do not have the total number here but from my conversation with Chinese students who study mathematical finance at Columbia University and Boston University, 80% of the students are Chinese out of a class size of 50. Each student would pay a $40,000 tuition per year excluding the living expenses that may range from $20,000 to sky limit. And, they do not have any scholarship. If you do a simple math and you would roughly have a number of $60,000 per year per student, and for each program, the revenue is around $3 million. How many universities in the US do not have international programs targeting the STEM major? Very few. If this STEM extension were cancelled, the jobs brought by these STEM would be cut off, universities would suffer revenue loss substantially because of the dramatic drop of STEM enrollment from international students. I believe US government agencies have already run the numbers and are fully aware of the impact of such a cancellation.
Second, for those internationals who are able to be enrolled in a STEM major, their educational background in their home countries are mostly decent. They have aced in the GRE or GMAT exams and they are well prepared to study for a vigorous STEM program that often times US students are not interested in. If you look at any of the stats about US job placement, you would see there is still an obvious shortage of STEM talents. These student