David Shall 1) Have you considered the disadvantages you are placing against American students or are you simply providing more rules and regulations and bureaucracy for you to regulate and review as a form of job security at the expense of American students?

Please answer this question and cite and explain properly sampled surveys and research papers prepared on this. Please provide the Administration's official comments and any opposing comments by Congressional representatives.

On what constitutional basis can you deprive American students, such as my two daughters, in order to favor foreign students?

Please answer this specific question with specific constitutional cites as well as cites to pertinent case law.

Please explain to me, the father of two students, who pays taxes to the United States Government, of which you are a part, as a "government actor", how you are not unjustly an unconstitutionally disadvantaging me.

Please cite the constitutional basis and pertinent case law.

Please read the following and answer all questions posed and your response to all issues addressed. Do not send a form letter in response to the very personal and individual consequences of your proposals:

A Freedom of Information Act request from the Center for Immigration Studies revealed two shocking takeaways about the OPT program that DHS proposes to expand:

OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.

Senator Charles Grassley of Iowa (in a letter to President Obama):

"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 years - the same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be valid - there is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent."
the proposed regulations are "irresponsible and dangerous considering the Government Accountability Office (GAO) report issued in March 2014 finding that the program was full of inefficiencies, susceptible to fraud, and that the Department was not adequately overseeing it."
"The report also found a major national security problem in that the Department does not know where tens of thousands of foreign students are living and working in the country. The GAO said that 'ICE cannot fully ensure foreign students working under optional practical training are maintaining their legal status in the United States.'"
"After the GAO issued its report in 2014, I wrote to you and urged you to consider issuing a moratorium on OPT approvals until the program was secured and students could be located. I also asked that the Department swiftly move to implement the GAO's recommendations. The Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services, Alejandro Mayorkas, responded on your behalf to my letter. He said the Department concurred with the recommendations and was working on them. I would like to know the status of each GAO recommendation, whether they have been fully implemented, and if not, why not."
"OPT is meant to be a temporary training program, not as a bridge to a longer-term work visa or a way for employers to hire cheaper foreign labor in lieu of Americans."
John Miano, attorney representing tech workers:

the proposed rule effectively "requires employers and universities to engage in unlawful immigration status discrimination."
"The rule requires these organizations to set up mentoring programs for foreign graduates to work under OPT. However, there is no requirement that American graduates receive the same benefit."

Professor Norm Matloff of UC Davis:

On a variety of measures, the former foreign students have talent lesser than, or equal to, their American peers.
Skilled-foreign-worker programs are causing an internal brain drain in the United States.

Ron Hira of Howard University:

"It is pure fiction that someone with a master's degree in electrical engineering needs an additional three years to work as an intern to be a productive professional. Instead, the duration seems to come out of thin air, based purely on what the political types in the Obama White House believe that they can get through without facing significant opposition."
"It's an over-reach to claim that someone who completes a master's degree in as little as 12 months needs three years interning -- at low or no pay in many cases -- to get further training."

Daniel Costa, of the Economic Policy Institute:

the worker protections included in the new rule "are so vague and deferential to employers that they will be virtually unenforceable in practice in any meaningful way."

Ian Smith of the Immigration Reform Law Institute:

"L
