I don't agree to the OPT rule as there are strong reasons for it. Firstly, most of the OPT students around 70 % are misusing OPT period by joining an INC Consultancy faking their resume or identity following illegal, unethical process. Secondly, OPT students are never been paid until and unless they get a contract job with the client and will be paid mostly on 70-30 percentage basis. What is this percentage basis? i will tell you suppose if a consultant gets a contract job with client and if he is paid 60 dollars per hour as a billing rate then the the consultant gets 70 % of it and consultancy gets 30% of it. Every consultancy says that consultant is paid on salary basis but no everyone are paid in percentage basis if he has a job he is paid if not no he will not be paid. I agree that some are genuine OPT students who does not do any unethical or illegal activity but the ration of genuine to fake/unethical students who utilize/mis-utilize OPT is 20%:80%. Whats the use of it and at whats costing USA for this i.e. agreeing to OPT rule will be no doubt mis-utilized. Faking at least 8-10 years of experience which is costing less number of jobs available to genuine people. Yes there will be more people who supports OPT rule mostly students because they have spent money for their masters by taking loan and other stuff but if they really want a job they have to get a job in ethical in a lawful way. But i am one of the person who genuinely writing to let you know please don't, don't invite unlawful activity again. People in OPT can go for genuine full time jobs but they will not get as they don't have experience or will not be paid much so they will be told by all these INC consultancies that if they will fake their resume and do little hard work at client's location they will paid good money so almost every student opts for that. Do observe all the negative comments who are not supportive to this new rule cause we want to say reality. Media please make a documentary of th