Zuanyi Li, Stanford University I strongly SUPPORT this proposed rule due to the following reasons.

First, this rule would attract most talented and outstanding students all over the world to study in the U.S., and these students are invaluable treasure to the U.S. education, research and economy. This rule could give STEM students up to 3 years to practice what they learn in schools and gain enough work experience. During such 3 years of OPT time, their work would be productive and significant to both industry and academia, and hence make invaluable contributions to the U.S. economy. Without this rule, however, one year of OPT time is not really an advantage/attraction to them, so talented students may go to other developed countries to study, like Canada or those in Europe. This would definitely be a big loss to the U.S. 

Second, the proposed OPT extension time of 24 months in this rule is necessary for STEM students so that they have sufficient time to make significant contributions to the U.S economy. For STEM fields, most projects in companies and research institutions cannot be completed in one year, instead they require at least two years or more. Without the OPT extension, STEM students can only work for one year with projects unfinished. Then new employees have to be hired to replace them, and they need to be trained again to become familiar with the projects. This will definitely not only delay the completion of projects, but also cost unnecessarily extra money in new hiring and training processes. For example, the timing of new products is always crucial for a company. If a new product was delayed, then the company may lose its market, causing unrecoverable loss. Thus, without the OPT extension, the U.S. economy will be adversely affected.

Third, this rule could let more international students stay in the U.S for longer time; consequently accelerate the increase of the U.S. economy. For example, foreign students contributed $16.7 billion through their living expenses to the U.S. economy in the 2013-2014 academic year (NAFSA: Association of International Educators). With this new rule, more students will be attracted to study in the U.S. and STEM students will stay longer, which means much more living expenses than $16.7 billion each year will be contributed to the U.S. economy.

Furthermore, having international students in American companies could help the U.S. open and extend its oversea markets, because companies need employees who know foreign countries well and speak foreign languages in order to do related jobs, make connections and give advice. Also, if companies have sites in other countries, it would be the best to send employees from those countries to work there. For example, Google, Facebook and Uber all want to extend their markets to China, so they need Chinese students to work in related groups/sessions to analyze the China market, give advice, establish connections, and deal with related matters.

Last but not least, STEM-related industries like manufacturing, high-tech, finance, and professional services are great contributors (around 55%) to the U.S. GDP (Bureau of Economic Analysis, 2014 data). A great amount of employees in these industries are STEM students. They all have high education in the U.S. and continuously contribute to the U.S. GDP. They are also legal tax payers and self-disciplined. If the rule cannot be approved, tens of thousands of STEM students would not be able to work immediately, and a lot more in the future. Obviously, it is a disaster to these industries in the U.S., and the country will lose it competitive strength in the world. In contrast, approving this rule will benefit these major GDP driver areas. 

In summary, this new rule for OPT STEM extension would definitely benefit the U.S. in many aspects to maintain its world leading position. Thus, I highly support the new rule.
