Yuan Chen I support the proposed rule to extend the OPT period by 24 months.

First, as everyone knows, the United States is a country made of immigrants. New immigrants, especially highly educated immigrants, bring vitality to this country. Most international students, especially in STEM programs which are very selective, are truly elites of their home countries. By extending the OPT period, they have a better chance to stay in the US and contribute to the country. A short OPT period, on the contrary, will force them to leave. 

Second, extending the OPT period is important for the economy. The number of U.S. citizens and lawful permanent residents with graduate degrees in electrical engineering dropped by 5% for PhD programs and by 11% for masters degrees between 1995 and 2013, according to a published study by the National Foundation for American Policy. Similar trend exists in other STEM disciplines. This makes international students more needed in these areas. Silicon Valley companies, for example, are urging for more international employees and an immigration reform, according to Wall Street Journal(http://blogs.wsj.com/digits/2015/09/18/silicon-valley-wants-high-skilled-immigration-on-campaign-agenda/). 

Third, these highly educated immigrants will create more jobs for the country. This might sound counterintuitive, but the reason is the STEM international group are entrepreneurial and they start startups that employ American employees. Immigrants now start more than a quarter of new businesses in this country, and immigrant-owned businesses pay an estimated $126 billion in wages per year, employing 1 in 10 Americans who work for private companies, according to the February issue of Inc. this year. 

Last but not least, extending the OPT period will have more potential leaders stay in our States and contribute to the society. There are many immigrant leaders in the industry. More than 20 percent of the 2014 Inc. 500 CEOs are immigrants. Sundar Pichai, coming from India and now CEO of Google, was an international student at Stanford and MIT. Shantanu Narayen, also coming from India and now CEO of Adobe Systems, was an international student at UC Berkeley. These tech leaders are invaluable treasures of our country, and by extending the OPT period we may have more of them contributing to our society in the future.
