Michelle Li I would pose a BIG YES to expanding training opportunities for F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees.Admittedly, employment ratio is an inevitable problem in any kinds of society. However, employers and the federal government are concerned about not only the quantity but also the quality of their employees. STEM students normally have at least 2-5 years of study experience in the States, so they are able to adapt into the society of America. After 2-5 years of professional training in some of the top 100 universities, most STEM students are capable of doing a good job in his or her professional fields. If the States let them go back to where they come from, the excellent resources of education in these significant fields will just spread and leave no benefit for the US. Think about how the professors delight these students with brilliant intelligence and persistent pursuit of academy, and how the intelligent treasure can transform into efficacy and innovation for the society. Whether the great treasure these students inherent from their respected professors will continue to spark in the States depends on the training opportunity they are given. The federal government cares not only the wages of employees but also the development of the States.

Additionally, as a choice for studying abroad, US has long been famed with liberty and chances. From the world wars in the 1900s, America has provided great platforms for genius in all fields to concentrate on their profession and produce masterpieces for the entire human. That's why we long for an opportunity to study in the US. As time goes by, America has become a society of multi families, and that is part of the reasons for the exuberance of the American society. Learning from the experience of the US, countries in other parts of the world such as Europe and Australia have also opened their gate to international students. Some European countries like Germany even do not let international students pay tuition fees. Undoubtedly, America has prominent advantages in terms of employment policies which opposes discrimination. If the federal government provide better environment for students to pursue their dreams, they are certainly willing to study in the US. As far as I know, the tuition fee for international students is quite a considerable number. Whether students will find a job or not, their tuition fee has already been sent to the University. With a more positive prospective in job application, more students will be motivated to study in the US.

Last but not least, students from all around the world cherish the opportunity to study in the States and make their contributions for this land of liberty. We will be grateful if this Expanding can be enacted.
