Michelle Tao This 24 months OPT extension proposal should be SUPPORTED since it allows highly qualified foreign workers to continue to increase profitability of US companies to grow business both domestically and internationally. Foreign workers in STEM majors are hired by US companies in the first place for a reason. Their advanced training gained through US education system and technical skills set are very desirable in both high-technology fields and traditional industries such as banking and financial industries, where financial decisions should be made based on in-depth quantitative analysis but intuition. 

By giving 24 months extension, foreign worker can make substantial contribution during this period. The American higher education institutions have devoted valuable resources to train these STEM students and they have demonstrated their qualifications by being offered positions by US employers. Before they can fully make their contributions, it is pity that they are forced to leave the country because of the termination of their 12 month OPT or losing the OPT extension. 

Some opposing opinion (ID: ICEB-2015-0002-26325) thinks This is a direct violation of the foreign student's pledge when they received their student visa to leave the country upon graduation. This is pure speculation. Taking advantage of OPT extension in no way indicates violation of pledge of the foreign students. On the contrary, they are using this period to generate values for their US employer and this country by applying their skills. 

Other voices (ICEB-2015-0002-26240) against OPT extension says it will allow foreign workers to have jobs which could be filled by US workers. I disagree with it. US employer made their hiring decisions based on the competence of the candidates. If a position is offered to a foreign worker, that indicates s/he has the qualifications that US company value for. If these highly-qualified STEM workers leave US right after graduation or less than 12 months, it would be such a waste of US educational resources and a great loss for companies which spent at least 3-6 months to train them expecting them to bring values after 12 months work. The rejection of this 24-month extension will drive these STEM talents to serve their own countries or go to other countries with highly valuable training and skills they obtained from US. 
