Arun Masan 14 November 2015

Respected Sir/Madam,
I write to you regarding the Notice of Proposed Rulemaking (NPRM) on Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students With STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students. I am a graduate student at Texas State University, San Marcos. Most of the graduate students are international students and a vast majority of those are in the United States on F-1 visas.

I strongly support Optional Practical Training (OPT) and the provision of an extended OPT period for STEM majors. I'm particularly excited to see the duration of the STEM OPT Extension increased in this proposed rule from 17 months to 24 months.

We will not be able to gain work experience and more importantly, we can contribute to the companies, the organizations and this country more but we could not if there is no more extension. 

Moreover, letting international students stay will INCREASE not decrease jobs. Companies ship the jobs to India, China and many other countries with lower pay if they cannot hire enough high quality workers in the US.

More likely, international students create more jobs by starting companies. According to Kauffman foundation, Immigrants were almost twice as likely to start businesses in 2012 as native-born Americans, and bout one-quarter of the engineering and technology companies started in the United States between 2006 and 2012, had at-least one key founder who was an immigrant.

On top of that, OPT is a key fact that make American colleges appealing to those foreign students. If this is gone, then based on what I have heard, some of my friends friends who are from other countries have started considering applying for European colleges. The diversity of US will be harmed if we have fewer international students here.

I appreciate the opportunity to comment on this proposed rule and thank you for all of your hard work in keeping America safe and providing educational and training opportunities to F-1 students

Best Regards,
Arun
Texas State University
