I support OPT extension.

As an engineer working in automotive industry, Im able to say that the industry has a high demand for new graduated students. There are 63% of workers in my group are foreigners, 48% are students using OPT. And we still have three job openings published for more than 30 days without a matching Resume. It is these students who are contributing a major part of effort for the automotive industry, and even more for the other industries, IT, for example. I can imagine, without these foreign students, automotive industry is not able to move on. Because there are not enough American students in the schools to feed the needs of the industry. There will be economy collapse if STEM OPT extension terminates because no one wants to hire someone who can only work for a year. 

In addition, engineer work needs time to accumulate experience. With one-year OPT, new grads can only learn and make themselves comfortable in the working environment; they are not able to really contribute. However, the 24 months extension is just long enough to give these students chances to bring benefits to the companies. 

Companies who hire foreign students are absolutely not searching for cheap workers. The average salary of new graduated foreign students in my company in is more than $70,000. It is not cheap! The reason that these companies still wants to hire these students is because opt students are well educated, capable, and able to contribute to the job. Plus, these students pay the same tax as native American workers. 

OPT extension will keep the industry and American economy growing, as well as make this nation stronger. Because it would draw more talented students around the globe come here to study. They bring money to the schools. When they graduate, they contribute to industries for 3 years. And after that they leave. In the mean time, new students keep feeding into this system, like blood. 

Although the rule itself is great, some needs to come up with a supe