weijian lee I definitely see the need for granting STEM OPT extension for F1 students, and here's why:

From the perspective of our higher-education sector, while in the states we are always proud for having some of the best institutions in the world, don't we also complain a whole lot about colleges and graduate schools being ridiculously expensive? This whole tuition burden thing is even more for the International students. The only reason that so many of them are still willing to pay the high price and get educated in the U.S. is because they not only get a degree here, they also get the industrial experience and practical trainings through OPT, which enhance their job competencies and competitiveness in their home countries once they return. If we are no longer granting OPT extension to these students, obtaining higher education in the U.S. would all of a sudden become all of a sudden too much sunk cost, too little foreseeable return, and not so attractive to them. And the truth is, there are more than enough countries out there who are still looking to bring in talented foreign students to help conduct research in higher-ed institutions, work in and enhance the high-tech industry, and last but not least, bring a huge amount of income to just about every industrial sector. And shall the U.S. let go it's OPT extension attraction, countries like Canada, the UK, Australia, New Zealand, even the European countries or Japan/Korea would act quickly and steal these productivity and income-generating talents with their own versions of OPT or other immigration benefits. What would the result be? U.S. universities looking at many empty seats in lecture halls; professors cannot find enough competent and hardworking students to help with research and TA works; shops around college campus taking hit for losing bit chunk of their business, I can go on for a long while.

Now let's take a look at our companies. Both established companies and hot startups in the U.S. are looking to enter foreign markets nowadays, especially large markets like China and India (which also happen to be the two major sources of STEM students in U.S.). OPT extension in such cases will help these companies find and hire the best of foreign STEM talents, and not only use their technical competencies to the companies' product development and operations, but also take advantage of these students' rich understandings of their home market. Take Uber, Google, or Facebook, which are either fighting hard against local competitors or trying to enter long-banned markets. Having a good number of OPT-backed employees speaking on the companies' behalf should definitely help building on positive company reputations in front of local customers and even the governments. And shall the giants successfully expand their horizons overseas, there would only be additional tax income and job opportunities nurtured in their U.S. homeland.
