My point - 
1) For instance, any employer wishing to hire a student participating in the STEM OPT extension would, as part of a newly required Mentoring and Training Plan, be required to sign a sworn attestation affirming that, among other things: (1) The employer has sufficient resources and personnel available and is prepared to provide appropriate mentoring and training in connection with the specified opportunity; (2) the employer will not terminate, lay off, or furlough a U.S. worker as a result of providing the STEM OPT to the student; and (3) the student's opportunity assists the student in attaining his or her training objectives. As with all affirmations contained in the Mentoring and Training Plan, the employer would attest that these commitments are true and correct to the best of the employer's knowledge, information and belief. 
Additionally, the proposed rule would require that the terms and conditions of an employer's STEM practical training opportunityincluding duties, hours and compensation (56) be commensurate with those provided to the employer's similarly situated U.S. workers. Work duties must be designed to assist the student with continued learning and satisfy the existing ICE guidelines for work hours when participating in post-completion OPT, which are set at a minimum of 20 hours per week, and would be so defined under this proposed rule.
This will make sure that Its Americans first , and no cheap labor . It always have been like that anyways , if there is an competitive American in the STEM field they get hired first , they are always given priority ..reason being which company wants to keep the workers that are temporary ! none ..the only reason they want to hire one is when they don't get enough local candidates... but this rule confirms this fact as a rule ... like the incidences like the one happened in Disneyland never happens again .... you cannot LAY OFF any American worker as a result of hiring any foreign worker under this program