Arthur Guttilla Hello, 

My name is Arthur Guttilla and I graduated in May 2015 from my MFA in Computer Arts here in New York city. I am currently working on the VFX (Visual Effects) industry as a freelance artist under the OPT program.
My OPT started recently in July and in this brief period of time I have learned a lot with professionals from this industry and was privileged to work in great projects like the TV series "The Leftovers" (HBO), "Mr Robot" (USA Network), Outcast (BBC) and many pilots for series still in development. Many of my friends from a year above me had their OPT extended to 2 years and benefited a lot from this experience and I think my skills as a professional would thrive given the opportunity to stay here a year longer past my first OPT period.
Talking to my supervisors and hiring agents I learned that the VFX industry is in demand for capable professionals in my area, specially those who come from a college environment that allowed them the time and resources to update themselves in the most recent softwares and techniques. 
Immigration policies here in the US are getting more and more restrictive and the process of obtaining a H-1B or O1 visa are very vexatious and expensive so the OPT is a rare opportunity for us recently graduates to learn what we can and then return home with more knowledge and life experience or make a net of contacts that could lead us to a successful life as a professional here or elsewhere. 
Its still puzzling to me that a country like the US that receive so much money out of international students that come seek a very costly education would make an effort to expel them back instead of keeping those willing professionals that can contribute so much with the industry. 
It is getting harder and harder to stay in a american college specially in the art fields due to the rising costs of education and the few graduates out there can potentially influence the american economy in a good way but this diaspora of talented graduates is instead creating rival industries in other countries that in the future will compete with the then predominant American entertainment industry.
In my field its not uncommon to see companies hiring international artists remotely over the internet if they cannot find a capable professional with the skills necessary for the job here. So by keeping me and other OPT students here you in a way contribute for the money I make be partially collected by the US taxes department and the rest be spent in american soil where it can contribute for the economy. 
This is my take on the subject as a professional in the field. I hope this can be useful in any way.
Thanks for your attention.

Sincerely,

Arthur Guttilla
