I strongly support the newly proposed rule for STEM OPT extension and Cap-Gap relief. I believe this is beneficial not only for F1 international students, but also for healthy development of science and technology industry in the United States.

As a graduating international student, the opportunity of practical training immediately after graduation is one of the key benefits that drive me to pursue an advanced degree in the United States. Such an opportunity not only offers further practical training in the major area of study, but also gives students precious working experience in a highly-developed industry with other highly-educated professionals. The extension rule and cap-gap relief further enhance this practical training opportunity, as the 12-month initial period is too short for STEM fields, and we need a longer period to gain additional experience and transform what we learn at school to practical applications in industry.

On the other hand, the new rule is also important for the continuous development of the United States and the health of its science and technology industry. Throughout its history, the United States has been leading in many scientific, technological, and economical areas. These leaderships have largely relied on the continuous attraction and absorption of highly-educated professionals in various areas, and OPT (including extension and cap-gap relief) for international students is a vital part of it. Without sufficient OPT time period, the industry may not absorb highly-educated international students at reasonable costs due to the inevitable overhead in practical training and experience ramp-up. If this persists, technology companies will start losing strong entry-level candidates, which may gradually extend to mid-level and senior tiers over the years, and eventually make them less competitive in the global market.

As a summary, I believe that the newly proposed rule is consistent with the interest of both F1 students and the United S