I support strongly keeping improving and expanding training opportunities for F-1 Students.

This policy has last for years, so many group of people,not only non-immigrant students but also so many high-tech companies within US domain, benefit from it. I support the proposal for the following reasons:

1, a suddenly cut-off of the policy will also cause a gap of human labor market, especially in the field of high technology companies, which are now famous around the world, but may decay in any five years. As Bill Gates once had said and I quote: "Microsoft is always at risk of being bankrupt in 18 months."[1] Or "Bankruptcy is only 18 months away for any firm."[2] The Cancel of improving and Expanding OPT sharply is dangerous to all the high tech companies, looking for further developing and growing, in the recent future.

2, The timing of canceling is not fair. People graduate in the previous year had already enjoy the goods bring by the policy, however, the next generation will not, with is cruel.

3, The alternative solution is not fair. If the existing policy is cutting off. The only way for a non-immigrant students to continue there work is the draw-lots. It's totally like a half-half thing.

4, Another thing related to the alternative solution will be, previous STEM students may have at least two times in the shuffle-draw, and will work at the company for like 27 months. The new-graduated students will have a longer and suitable period of time to show their genius. If they got great performance within the time, if they all fail at the shuffle-draw, the company will also willing to hiring them, maybe in another ways, such as assign them to foreign lands rather than the US. US big companies have branches all around the world. HOWEVER, for the students, who would be more willing to do this in one year, not mention that new-graduated students probably not be able to have some achievement within such short hurried time(just one year). STEM students who just find th