Ziyi Yang Definitely support this. STEM extension program is a great incentive to attract highly skilled talents from the globe and maintaining Americans pioneering status in high tech fields. It is horrible to see all these negative comments immersing the page that are mostly 1. Pointless, rage of emotion; 2. Biased; 3. Contradict to the fact.
Companies want to pay less taxes or to hire cheap employees? A lot of high tech company, if behaved professionally, will not ever ask for candidates immigration status before they made hiring decision. How could they weigh that factor when they give a foreign candidate a job offer? Also, a position in STEM field is usually not cheap. And there isnt much difference between what native and foreign employees in the same level get paid for. Again, it is impossible to weigh that factor when making their hiring decisions.
Foreigners are squeezing away American workers? Usually, natives have better communication skills over foreigners so when it comes to getting a job, most foreigners are actually falling behind. Same as natives, foreigners need to go through fierce struggle for job, and some of them won simply because they present a solid quality that a company wants, and is also needed by the society, by a nation that is willing to attract the best talents regardless of their nationality. Immigration status shouldnt become a barricade for companies to pick up the best candidates, and it is also unfair for Americans to blame foreigners to cause their unemployment.
They also made a mistake in who benefit most from STEM extension, not workers, but students! Most foreigners who are under OPT initially came to US to study, not to work or live. The availability to receive extended practical training in worlds best industries is a great advantage over other countries educational programs. Without it, US will no longer attract so many good student all over the globe who then will be unable to devote themselves into high technology industries that is part of the USs core competitive strength.
To conclude, the STEM extension program is not a deprive-your-job program, but a program that helps to maintain Americans immigration spirit: to attract the best talents in the world. The original 12 months OPT after graduation is definitely too short for those students who requires more practical experience in high tech industries, while this 24 months extension is a great add up to make to long enough. Please, officials, do not let those Youtube like comments affect your judgement that will jeopardize the development of this country. We need a full vision on this issue before making decisions and I strongly believe we should approve this proposal.
