The proposed rules to enhance Practical Training for F-1 students with STEM degrees will greatly benefit America's higher education and technology sector from multiple aspects.

From an F-1 STEM student's perspective (I personally am an Engineering masters degree holder), it is critical to their careers that they find and get adequate practical training and adapt into the industries, which can typically take 2-3 years. Depending on their graduation time, it could also take students months after their graduation to get employed due to the seasonal fluctuations in job openings. The STEM OPT extension will serve to fill the gap between the existing 12-month post-completion OPT for F-1 students and STEM students' need for a longer training period.

From the perspective of US higher education, the proposed extension rule will help the American universities to keep their competitive position among education systems across the globe. The rule will help attract the best talents around the world to American universities, whose school expenses will directly benefit the US economy. Consider a typical tuition of around $50,000 per year for STEM programs and a yearly living expense of at least $20,000. There were 344,299 F & M students studying in STEM areas as of July 2014 (https://www.ice.gov/doclib/sevis/pdf/by-the-numbers.pdf). That in total would have contributed at least $24 billion in 2014 to the US economy, and the revenue will keep increasing as the number of F-1 students grows dramatically. In the meantime, the F-1 students are by no means burdens for US taxpayers as they pay higher tuition fees, and they are taxed at the standard non-immigrant rate for their income.

The proposed rule is also great news for the technology industries in the US. The new STEM graduates should serve as fresh blood to the rapidly growing tech sector with all their talents, regardless of whether they are American or foreign. The competitive nature of the tech sector will ensure that employe