I advocate the OPT extension:

Firstly, I majored in economics and believe that the government regulations in accordance with the economy rules have profound benefit to the whole society, like the OPT extension will definitely stimulate the business. If American cultivated those foreign students with the excellent education resources and let them leave, is it a wise decision? In my opinion, the government should make use of those cheaper labors with fresh edge knowledge before they leave U.S.. What's more, small business is the sinew of the economy. The foreign minorities usually are willing to do part-time volunteer job in the small company. This kind of high-educated free labor provides the timely help to the small businesses which have great ideas but are struggling with the profit-expense balance problem. The economy is complicated, like the minimum salary can increase the employee income but will decrease the job opportunities and increase the unemployment, and finally the existing employees will have to overload, what's worse, the soar unemployment causes the social problems. We should confess that the avoid of OPT extension also has much more harmful effect.

Someone may argue that the foreign students would threaten the local employment, however they jump to the conclusion because they are not familiar with the OPT extension regulation which is not H1B at all. The foreign students should leave U.S., if the OPT expires and they cannot find the company help them apply H1B visa. In addition, with the same competence, for a long-term position, a company will hire an American student or a foreign student? Definitely American student? Why? Because hiring a foreign student costs more such as H1B application, green card application and the risk of rehiring if any application process fails. Then the foreign students should be over-qualify to get the job, and the less competent foreigners have to left is they cannot find a job within the first 3 months of the OPT peri