Ryan Patrick, go daddy It is unjust, shortsighted and against the interest of American people to deprive international students' legal right to work in US after graduation simply because they are not citizens. In addition, the belief that minimum wages cannot get raised because there are too many international students are also unreasonable and against fact. I am strongly convinced that allowing international students to prosper in the US would bring in far more jobs than the number saved by driving them out. 

International students are making huge contributions to our country. Immigrant-founded Fortune 500 companies employed 3.6 million workers around the world in 2011 and were responsible for more than $1.7 trillion in revenues in 2010, according to the Partnership For A New American Economy (http://www.renewoureconomy.org/sites/all/themes/pnae/img/new-american-fortune-500-june-2011.pdf). Most international students work in scientific and technology, and many of them are among the best in their fields. STEM are fields critical for the US to ace at in order to continue its leadership in the world. Each year, h1b holders pay more than 27%, and often more than 30% of their salary to the federal, and even more to the federal and the state. This money is used in increasing the medical and other welfare of American people. 

International students have nearly nothing to do with the minimum wage. Almost all international students obtain their OPT in order to get an H1B visa, which requires the worker to meet a minimum salary standard that is far higher than the minimum wage level. For example, the minimum hourly pay standard for H1b holder is $24.16 in Albany, NY, and NY state has a minimum wage limit of $9.00. This is not even near! In fact, an international student needs about 3 times the salary of the minimum pay to stay in the US, and the payment is usually far higher than this because they usually work on comparatively rewarding positions like software engineer/developer.

American people are wise enough not to harm our long-term benefits by irrational fear and temporary, illusive satisfactions. International students are helping America grow, and are improving the welfare of American people. Losing them, on the other hand, will benefit our competitors and harm US interest. I strongly believe we should pass this proposal and pass more bills in the congress that could make it easier for the international students to stay.
