Michael Emmons I was listening to Breibart News, Stephen K Bannon on Sirius XM 125 when then started talking about H-1b visas.

A called / foreign worker called in and said several things that make these visas harmful to American workers.

#1 He claimed foreigner work harder and longer hours than Americans. they do this because the company owns their visa and can deport them whenever. This is a Negative against an American worker.

#2 He said foreign workers won't leave the job; sure they won't, actually they can't while on visa sponsored by the company. This is another Negative against an American worker.

#3 He said they are paid less. Again, this is another Negative against an American worker.

These visas are HARMFUL to well-educated Americans. Why would a company hire an American that expects a fair salary for his/her services; can look for work elsewhere whenever he/she wants and may leave if treated unfairly; especially when the company can own an H-1b visa worker and hold him/her hostage for a green card.

It's time to consider the well-being of our American STEM graduates first.

Additionally,

The original purpose of Optional Practical Training was to give foreign students extra tools to help their home countries when they returned but today it is more often used by foreign students as a bridge to stay in the U.S., and by employers to get around the H-1B cap. DHS' proposed rule runs counter to the original purpose of the OPT program.

OPTs are sought after by employers because they tend to be younger (cheaper) than their American competitors. Employers save 7.65 percent when they hire foreign students instead of US workers because they don't pay FICA or Medicare taxes under the OPT program. OPT workers often hold jobs in the $60-$90,000 a year range, but they cost Social Security about $1 billion dollars a year.

Senator Grassley stated (in a letter to DHS Secretary Johnson):

"By increasing the total amount of time a foreign student may work in OPT after each degree to 3 years - the same amount of time that an H-1B visa would be valid - there is little doubt that the Administration has administratively established a de facto shadow H-1B program, in violation of Congressional intent."

"The proposed regulations are "irresponsible and dangerous considering the Government Accountability Office (GAO) report issued in March 2014 finding that the program was full of inefficiencies, susceptible to fraud, and that the Department was not adequately overseeing it."

"The report also found a major national security problem in that the Department does not know where tens of thousands of foreign students are living and working in the country. The GAO said that 'ICE cannot fully ensure foreign students working under optional practical training are maintaining their legal status in the United States.'"

"After the GAO issued its report in 2014, I wrote to you and urged you to consider issuing a moratorium on OPT approvals until the program was secured and students could be located. I also asked that the Department swiftly move to implement the GAO's recommendations. The Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigrat ion Services, Alejandro Mayorkas, responded on your behalf to my letter. He said the Department concurred with the recommendations and was working on them. I would like to know the status of each GAO recommendation, whether they have been fully implemented, and if not, why not."

"OPT is meant to be a temporary training program, not as a bridge to a longer-term work visa or a way for employers to hire cheaper foreign labor in lieu of Americans."

