Michelle Ni I strong Agree with improving and expanding training opportunities for F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for all eligible F-1 students for the following reasons. 

First, international student help the development of U.S. economy. According to NAFSA, for the 2013-2014 academic year, international students and their families at colleges and universities across the U.S. contributed $26.8 billion to the U.S. economy and supported 340,000 jobs. Compared to the previous academic year, this is nearly a 12 percent increase in dollars contributed to the economy and an 8.5 percent increase in job support and creation. And there is an increasing trend for international STEM students contribution to increase in developing of US economy. Therefore, it is important to provide the expanding OPT in order to do benefits to U.S. economy.

Second, U.S is now short on STEM talents according to U.S. News. ( http://www.usnews.com/opinion/articles/2014/09/15/the-stem-worker-shortage-is-real). As the report states that wages have grown relatively fast in most STEM-oriented occupations, which is a clear indication of a shortage. Also, recent report analyzes this phenomenon using a rich database with millions of vacancies posted on company websites compiled by Burning Glass, a labor market analytics firm. Finally, jobs are more plentiful in STEM fields, which is why the unemployment rates are low for grads with these degrees. 40% of the STEM students in US are international students according to national science foundation (NSF)( http://www.nsf.gov/statistics/seind14/index.cfm/chapter-2). Therefore, U.S needs the international student in industry.

Last but not least, international STEM students will help the growth of U.S. students in different aspects. As the number of international students on U.S. college campuses continues to grow, their American classmates who actively interact with them are not only learning about foreign cultures but also enhancing their own self-confidence, leadership, quantitative skills and other abilities long after they graduate, according to a new Duke University study of alumni from several universities.

Overall, improving and expanding training opportunities for F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees will benefits of the overall development of United States.
