As a STEM international student myself, it seems to be a no-brainer for me to root for this change. But I actually do think it through. Following is my reasoning in response to a type of negative comments.
1. Some people claim that the the talented STEM workforce will take away jobs from Americans and the government should protect their citizens in the job market.
I think that those people who make such claims are already consider themselves less skillful and, instead of thinking about ways to improve their skillsets, they are just complaining and discriminating international skilled workers. Those people might forget how US remains to be the most powerful country in the world. It's the world-wide talents which US keep collecting in the past century that contributes significantly to the progress of the country. Also, don't forget many immigrants from 19th century are only admitted to US because they are skillful workers.
I understand that some people want some protection from the government because they are born as her children. The truth is that the protection is already there. This OPT extension is simply a temporary duration permission. The working visa, H1b, is still capped at certain amount each year. US is still getting relatively steady amount of immigrants every year. During this temporary extension, if we work much better than ordinary Americans who were in the same position, it would be reasonable for us to get a chance to get our working visa here, isn't it? We work hard to earn it and we should deserve it, aren't we? Also, remember that the working visa now is a lottery system. So that's definitely another layer of protection for you and quite unfortunate for us, though. We want to work in your country and we'll abide by your rules. However, the rules should be made in a relatively fair way, or in other words, the rules are to be made in such a way that it can put US in a better position in the forseeable future. Keeping positions to less skillful people