Daphne Wang As an international student, I DO AGREE the statement of OPT Extension. 
As a F-1 student, we appreciate the opportunity to study abroad in US. However, we think we are able to do more than simply taking your resources but contributing nothing.
As an undergraduate or graduate student, we averagely spent four years studying in US. In these years, we studied in the same libraries and classrooms as you Americans did, took the same resources as you American took, and enjoyed the same public facilitates that open to students as you American enjoyed. That is, WE, INTERNATIONAL STUDENT, have already taken all of the resources that you provided in universities and colleges. We have already in a great percentage compared to you native people with advanced education. 
Indeed, based on many kinds of reasons, many universities are expanding their admissions year-by year. For example, as myself, I come from a Top10 school based on the ranking of US News while this is currently my fourth year. As I experienced, more than 300-500 international students out of totally 5000 are joining in our schools EACH year compare to the previous one.
Therefore, is it fair that we SIMPLY take your resources for knowledge and research BUT do not contribute ourself according to what we get from you?! Admittedly, some PHD students can contribute themselves from some researches. HOWEVER, will this profit your country so much? No! This is mostly profit PHDs themselves in their future career.
Then, the BEST and the ONLY way for us to make contribution to your country is to working here and make REAL PROFIT to your economy! How much time is it enough for such contribution? 12 months sounds okay, 17 months sounds good, 24 months sounds great BUT still not the best. 
ACTUALLY, IS IT FAIR AND WORTHY TO YOU AND YOUR PEOPLE, THAT WE TAKE FOUR YEARS OF YOUR RESOURCES, BUT CONTRIBUTE ONLY ONE YEAR TO YOUR PEOPLE AND COUNTRY?!
The more contribution we make to you, the more profit your country will get, and the better life quality your government can provide.
As we F-1 student here, as we make contributions, we can not only make you profit via the companies incomes but also the tax we paid. All of these money can 
(1) help you provide better life quality to your native American people, 
(2) give you money to open more companies that offering jobs to your native American people.
In conclusion, this statement of OPT Extension is really important based on what I illustrated. Also, as this is a statement that "facilitate us, then profit you, then help your people, then benefit ourselves again, then profit you and your country once again, then ........" as a cycle, it's REALLY important to make it go through.
