Zhe Du I would like to express my support for the rule of improving and expanding training opportunities for F-1 nonimmigrant students with STEM degrees. I believe the rule will create great benefit for US.

First, the rule will attract and keep top talents from other country to work for US and contribute to US economy. Work opportunity has always been one of the top factors that F-1 students think about when they decide whether they go back to their home country after graduation. If the OPT extension period for STEM degrees could be increased from 17 months to 24 months by this rule, it will be a great incentive for students to work in US for more experience. By conducting this rule, the government is making a wise move to retaining talents in US instead of forcing them to go away after they enjoyed higher education in US. 

Furthermore, US will obtain financial benefit from the increasing number of foreign students caused by this rule. Currently the tuition from F-1 students has been crucial for universities, especially for public universities which are experiencing cut of state budget support. Most local students can enjoy less financial cost on higher education because F-1 students are paying double or even triple tuition compare to in-state students. The rule for OPT will attract more F-1 students coming to study in US, and thus be a benefit for US universities and students. On the other hand, the increasing number of F-1 students is equal to increasing foreign consumers coming to US for spending, which is always a stimulation for US economy. 

Last but not least, the rule will enhance the healthy fair competition in the US job market. According to the proposed rule, it improves and increases oversight over STEM OPT extension as well by requiring formal training plans, adding wage and other protections for F-1 students and allowing extensions only to students from accredited schools. These requirements in the rule will be important to prevent abuse of the STEM OPT extension and fraudulent file of the extension. Moreover, it will prevent adverse effects to US workers as well as confirm those F-1 students who obtain the extension are well qualified and deserved to hold the position. The rule is an enhancement for the fair competition in the job market and is making sure jobs are obtained based on qualification instead of unrelated factors.

All in all, I believe the conduct of this proposed rule will bring foreseeable benefit to both US people and F-1 students in STEM majors. I hope all the audience can see the advantage of this rule.
