I strongly SUPPORT the proposal for the following reasons:

Invalidating the extension will truly hurt the opportunity for thousands of foreign students. This will lead to negative impacts toward both economic condition and industrial growth.

From industry perspective, creating jobs from multiple sources of working forces will obviously stimulate development of markets. Introduction of diversity benefits industries in expansion and growth, as well as culture.

From companies' perspective, it is reasonable for companies to hire the best of the best without a question regardless where the sources are from. Forcing companies to change the hiring process though political pressure runs contrary to both competition equality and corporation growth. According to http://www.cnet.com/news/google-foreign-workers-are-key-to-our-success/,
not only Google, other big heads IT companies need QUALIFIED work forces to bolster and support their services.

The argument that companies tend to foreign workers with discounted pay does not stand its point. According to http://www.usatoday.com/story/money/markets/2015/08/10/best-paying-companies-115k/31303639/, at least for tech industry, big companies offer relatively competitive salary to along with their growth. For the big companies that are also big heads in applications for H1 visas each year, they pay foreign employers just as much as citizen workers. The employers know the right wage for right skills. Necessity comes before money. Thus, false facts invalidate this argument.

The arguments regarding job stealing rely on a certain doubtful assumption that the existence of foreigners themselves is the reason that causes unemployment of some citizens. The real reason behind the change in the structure of employment in U.S. is market changes. These changes make companies raise different skills requirements and increase turnover rate. As illustrated in last paragraph, companies only ask for human resources with the right skills. In this 