I strongly support the new 24 month STEM OPT extension, which is beneficial to both international students and American people. Although it is believed by many people that foreign students might rob US citizens of work opportunities, this worry is unnecessary and unfounded. On the contrary, the cancellation of STEM OPT will result in more problems for US.

The first issue to be explained is that international students is not the source of competition that occur to US STEM workers. Those who are born in US have much more advantages over international students in job market. They have lived in the country for about 20 years at the moment when they start their career and also have a great network to help them with their job seeking. However, each international student has to adapt to a totally unknown environment after they step out of the airplane. They also have to face the issues such as language, communication with native people and unfamiliarity with laws and rules. Many foreign STEM workers have to re-learn the technical knowledge in another language, which may have been spoken by native speakers for 20 years and by foreigners for 2 years. You can imagine when a technical lead of a company is interviewing a foreign student and a native guy with same education level and technical skills, which one will be preferred? 

In the interviews of the companies like Facebook or Microsoft, foreign and native candidates will face different challenges. People with permanent residency or citizenship may only be asked questions about concepts like what recursion is, while foreign job seekers have to attend interviews one after another and solve complex data structure and algorithm problems. Some companies even tell their recruiting standard clearly- we only consider green card holders and doctor students. I still havent figured out the association between doctor degree and green card, but it is obviously more difficult for foreigners to get jobs than citizens. It is impossible 