Maria Zlotorzynska Re:Comments on Proposed Rule: Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students

80 Fed. Reg. 63375 (October 19, 2015)

Docket ID: ICEB-2015-0002

I would like to submit the following comments in response to the Proposed Rule, "Improving and Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students with STEM Degrees and Cap-Gap Relief for All Eligible F-1 Students," published in the Federal Register on October 19, 2015.

As an international student in the United States, I pursued a STEM degree and graduated in 2014 with a masters degree in the field of epidemiology. Since graduating, I have been working on research in the field of HIV/AIDS and have contributed to a number of important projects. My contributions have resulted in several peer-reviewed publications in medical journals. This work has both advanced the field of public health and strengthened my employer's research program. I would not have been able to do this work without the opportunities that the F1 STEM extension provides.

I was glad to see the proposed rule for reinstituting the 2008 STEM OPT extension, cap gap relief, and especially an expansion and improvement of the previous rule. The opportunity to further my training after the completion of my degree was a significant factor in my decision to pursue an education in the United States. Reinstituting and expanding the STEM OPT extension will allow the U.S. to continue to attract the world's top STEM talent. In addition to improving upon the education that international students receive while in the US, the STEM OPT extension allows them give back to the American economy by contributing their novel ideas and specialized skill sets. We should view international students as a valuable resource that will allow the U.S. to remain globally competitive. Without the STEM OPT extension, many STEM graduates will be forced to relocate to other countries, instead of applying their skills to the American economy that invested in their education.

I support the expansion of the STEM OPT extension to 24 months. Combined with the initial 12 month OPT period. the extension would provide 3 years of post-graduation work experience. This is especially important in my field as many grants run in 3 year cycles. Thus, a 3 year position would allow a STEM graduate to see a project through to the end and prevent disruption of the research process by forcing staff turnover.

In conclusion, the STEM OPT extension has allowed America to attract and retain highly skilled STEM workers who fuel innovation and economic growth. As an international student, I am immensely grateful for the educational and career opportunities I have been given as a result of pursuing a STEM degree in this country. If the new rule is not accepted, I and many of my fellow STEM graduates will no longer be able to continue to contribute the skills and experience we developed by studying in U.S. institutions. I urge you to support the U.S. economy by implementing this new rule by February 12, 2016. Thank you for your consideration, time, and support in this matter.

