It is unjust, shortsighted and against the interest of American people to deprive international students' legal right to work in US after graduation simply because they are not citizens. And it is so ridiculous to think that it is alien's workers' fault for the minimum wage not being raised. International students have nearly nothing to do with the minimum wage.

First thing first, let's face this, USA needs alien workers, especially on high tech industries. International students are making huge contributions to our country. Immigrant-founded Fortune 500 companies employed 3.6 million workers around the world in 2011 and were responsible for more than $1.7 trillion in revenues in 2010, according to the Partnership For A New American Economy (http://www.renewoureconomy.org/sites/all/themes/pnae/img/new-american-fortune-500-june-2011.pdf). Most international students work in scientific and technology, and many of them are among the best in their fields. It will do huge harm to USA to not having a proper way for international students to work.

Competition makes a country great, rejecting international students would gain us a short-term, illusive relief that there might be temporarily fewer competitors in the job market. However, this short-term satisfaction would be at the cost of long-term benefits of American people and would cause the US to lose ground to the countries that welcome these students. 

Actually, I believe the American salary level would be severely BROUGHT DOWN rather than driven up by this decision. On the contrary, let them stay will INCREASE not decrease jobs. Companies ship the jobs to India, China and many other countries with lower pay if they cannot hire enough high quality workers in the US, or if the cost of hiring a US worker is too high. Is that really what USA people want?

Most american people are wise enough not to harm our long-term benefits by irrational fear and temporary, illusive satisfactions. International students are helping A