Yu Ge This is my second submission. Read a couple of comments, feeling it's necessary to clarify a few points.

One point made by Charles Hofacker is as following:
OPT denied American workers more than 430,000 jobs during the years 2009-2013; and
OPT removed $4 billion from the Social Security and Medicare trust funds.

I am really doubtful of this data. So please give the EXACT reference for these data. I couldn't find 2009-2013 job opennings, but I found there are 5.4 million job opennings this August 2015(http://www.bls.gov/news.release/jolts.nr0.htm). 430000 out of 5400000 is 7.96%, which means there is less than 1 OPT worker out of 10 job opennings. Needless to say 430000 is the accumulative number from 2009 to 2013. How can you make the conclusion that OPT workers are aggressively stealing jobs from American workers. Seriously? If you know the math, you know the answer.

$4 billion from SS and Medicare, woo, that's tons of money for sure. But again, please list data resources. Most non-citizens students do not have any assistantship or scholarship. In another word, they need to pay tuition, to be more specific, out of state tuition, which is way more than in-state tuition which most citizens pay. With the tuition paid by non-citizen, schools can make tuition much lower for US citizen and also allow school to get more funding. Right now, I am working on OPT and I pay social security and medicare tax every month.

Point made by Steven Thompson is as following:
WE have enough STEM workers in the USA.

Where is your support reference? How do you make such a conclusion. I don't have exact data for Stem works number. But when I was at school(LSU), there were only a few US citizens compared to the number of non-citizen in stem majors(like mathematics, statistics, computer science etc.), although citizens have have much lower bar to get into these stem programs. Why? Because citizens don't like stem majors, they don't want to play around with these hard and time consuming majors. Instead, they prefer non-stem majors(like MBA, finance, economics etc), which is relatively simpler and could also make them much richer in the future. As US becomes the leading power in technology, especially IT, there are lots of new opennings in these area every day. For example, Google, Facebook, Amazon, Microsoft, even hot start-ups, like Airbnb, Uber, all these companies needs huge amount of stem workers. I am sure that all US citizen stem workers can not fill the gap.

Point made by James Mangan is:
This is just another method of GOVT pandering to big business to drive down wages. STEM college students shouldnt have to compete with foreign students who will accept lower wages just to stay here. 

I don't know where this low wages coming from. I am working on Amazon, and my salary package is way above average(Note I also pay social security and medicare a lot every month). All of my friends including both citizen and non-citizen, they all make decent amount of money. However, there are cases that several consulting or outsourcing companies offer opennings in US to foreigners at a super low wages(Note these foreigners do not have education in US and therefore, they don't have OPT at all). For example, Infosys, Tata Consultancy Services, Wipro. If you look at how much H1b applications they file each year, you will be SHOCKED! Here is the H1b application and average salaries for the companies: http://www.myvisajobs.com/Reports/2015-H1B-Visa-Sponsor.aspx. I do think these outsourcing companies are hurting US citizens, NOT OPT students who get excellent education in US.

Thanks,
Alex
