Jiao Yu I strongly support the new rule and firmly believe that this is a rule that will not only benefit international students but also US economy and citizens in the long run!

First, international students pay high tuitions which is an important source of income to many US universities. The money is then used to hire better professors and pay scholarships to US college students. If only 12 months OPT is granted, US will become a much less desirable destination for foreign students to further their study. In this case, universities have to cut their expenses including giving less scholarships, which would make education even harder for US citizens.

Second, US has been a leading country in science and technology industries, and no one can deny that foreign workers play a key role in helping the country maintain its leadership role. For example, look at the faculty list of any university, it is not surprising that many professors have foreign origins. If suddenly US loses many top performing foreign workers in STEM fields, the economy will surely get negative impacts immediately, which may even threaten US's leading position in science and technology among all the competing countries. 

Third, OPT students in STEM fields are definitely not, and will never become, vicious competitors of American college students. It is NOT true that companies prefer OPT students, on the contrary, it is much harder for international students to get a job than native American students. Many STEM companies/jobs are reserved for citizens and are never reachable for foreign students. For the limited job positions that foreign students can apply, they will only be considered if really no native candidates meet the hiring bar. As a matter of fact, companies know that foreign students' work permission is temporary, thus they would prefer to hire native students who can work long enough for them without having to leave due to OPT expires.

Fourth, there are already many examples of foreign people starting small tech companies, especially in Silicon Valley. These small companies are growing and providing more and more job opportunities for native American people. Their founders, are or were once, OPT students. This again proves, to make native American people's life better, the correct approach is NOT to shut the door for foreign students, but to allow them to practice their dreams and innovations and be part of the leading workforce that is changing the country's STEM industries constantly.
