I fully believe that the STEM OPT Extension plays an indispensable role in the U.S. economic growth. I will express my opinion through the following aspects. 

Economic Implications of STEM OPT Students in the U.S.
1. Providing sufficient high quality labor force
Foreign students in the United States are valuable assets for the economic growth to the U.S. According to the research of Salzman, Kuehn, and Lowell (2013), the domestic supply of IT workers exhibits increasing but slow growth in line with market signals. The OPT STEM extension can provide firms the access to labor that will be in plentiful supply. The labor force supply brought by foreign students is not only in good quantity, but also in good quality. As discussed in the previous section, most of the foreign students who are working with their OPT status in the U.S. receive high quality of education and training. Imagine that if without the OPT STEM extension, the supply of labor force, especially for the IT and engineering market, will drop significantly, which will increase the cost for firms because they need to spend more time and money looking for employees and training employees, thus causing a significant lost of resources and creating opportunity cost which can be devoted into more productive behavior. This will indirectly affect the economic growth in the U.S.
2. Maintaining occupation structure of the U.S.
As discussed above, most of the foreign students of both bachelor and master degree pursuers are majoring in engineering and other science fields. After those students graduate, a majority of them will go to the similar fields to look for jobs, which is beneficial for the U.S. to maintain a high engineering occupation level. Murphy, Shleifer, and Vishny (2001) show that countries with a huger proportion of engineering college majors grow faster because engineers are more likely to involve in innovative behavior and increase the productivity, thus economic growth. If the STEM OPT extension sto