Anonymous Anonymous I strongly support the extension. Here are my reasons for the support:

1. Unites Stated is currently facing STEM workforce shortage. This is just a fact. Companies like Facebook, Google hire international students not because they are cheaper labor force, but because they are intelligent and smart workers. US workers do not prefer to obtain a Graduate degree (MS/Ph.D.) in these areas.

2. Unemployment among the STEM graduates (undergraduate level) is lower in the US, however, most US-students take up jobs in marketing, sales etc. This represents inclination of American workers towards non-engineering/ non-science jobs. Meanwhile, most F-1 students come for Science and Engineering degrees. Note that these are advanced degrees MS, Ph.D. International students have shown more inclination towards pursuing these degrees in Science and Engineering. This shows that they are more interested in doing actual work and contribution in the STEM Areas.

3. Therefore, it is not the cheap labor that allows international students to get STEM jobs, but genuine interest and eligibility (due to advanced degrees). In fact international students demand and receive the same level of pay as the handful of American workers in this area. Link: Refer: http://www.census.gov/newsroom/press-releases/2014/cb14-130.html

4. If at all American-STEM-job problem exists, it will not be solved by blocking the international students from getting those jobs. It will simply hurt the companies that rely on eligible candidates. Eventually, they may end up outsourcing those jobs across the world. And THIS will cause bigger problems to employment in America than allowing international students to take jobs they are highly qualified for.

5. Students are coming on F-1 visa eventually become Green Card holders or citizens. This greatly benefits America.. This fits the picture of an American dream, which is the sole reason for the American economy.

6. Does the US really want students who come to the US and get advanced degrees in the US to go back and contribute to their home-country economy and compete with U.S.?

7. Most students come here for education mostly because of job opportunities. If the extension is removed, the chances of getting a job diminish significantly. This will simply lead to students not coming to the US for study.

8. Various universities that rely on large tuition collection from foreign nationals will lose a major source of revenue. Not to mention billions-dollars economy that relies on international students renting houses, cars, travel, shopping, phones, buying cars, tourism economy when parents and relatives visit America.

9. In the end, I just want to say that, US economy is built on fair competition. This extension gives a fair chance to students to compete and find a job. International students work hard and retain the jobs because they have too much at stake. They have proven to be great workers and an asset to many companies all across the US, in spite of the visa and living restrictions placed on the students.

10. If this somehow scares the domestic workers, then international workers can not be blamed for that. Even if the extension is to be removed, it cannot be done in such a hurry. What about thousands of students who are already in the US and hoped to find a job. They were not ready for such a ruling, and this Is unfair to them since they made a life choice by coming to the US. On top of that if currently employed students are forced to go back to their countries, from where will the companies find qualified workforce when American graduates are unwilling to work in STEM.
