Anonymous I completely second this coment-
"Dear DHS,

Please do a through investigation about what I am going to write here. I have nothing against OPT/H1B visas but DHS should check the misuse of OPT visas and H1B visas done by the consultancies/employers.

Massive visa fraud is happening in the broad day light done by Indian consultancies. These so called Indian employers fake their resume and select candidates who are in OPT claiming that they have H1B visa. They run fake pay rolls and hire mostly Indian grads from US universities who can't even speak proper English. These so called consultancies get projects from companies(subcontracted by them) by showing that they have a very strong experienced workforce with 5-10 years experience. Most of the interviews with contractors are done through Skype and questions are answered by an experienced guy who will be on loudspeaker during the interview. While the actual candidate will lip sync to proxy candidate's reply to interviewers questions. Companies have hired thousands of fake candidates like this and some of them got fired. Consultancies/employers will lose that job contract as a result of this. But they will continue doing this as a candidate with US degree is their cash cow. These companies won't do background check properly and a person with a fake profile joins them. Within a span of 1 month they will be caught and kicked out. Some lucky ones stay there with the help of skilled proxies. These fake candidates will share their laptop screens with proxy worker sitting in India and get this work done. There are lots of fraudulent practices happening without the notice of officials and the industry.

Recent examples are raids conducted by DHS on couple of Indan IT consultancy firms based in California and New Jersey. They arrested some Indian entrepreneurs who ran fake pay roll and employed candidates with fake experience. If you check the number of H1B visa applications you will realize the shocking number of applications that were duplicated by these con men. 

Within a year, the H1B applications will overflow to 300,000 numbers because most of these consultancies will put 3-4 applications to get their H1B selected. Indian IT companies like Infosys, Wipro, TCS and other companies that apply for more than thousands of H1 visa applications should be investigated as such companies employ less than 30 percent American citizens. 

As an American citizen, I am fed up of these consultancies and fake candidates. Because of their fraudulent activities many companies don't trust Indian graduates. It's become a stereotype that an Indian students always cheats in exams, fakes their resume and get jobs which should be given to genuinely experienced candidates.

This brain drain concept is completely ridiculous. I don't believe that USA as a great country needs foreign graduates to save economy or future of this country. Most of the foreign students especially Indian and chinese are here to make money and they don't come here to create jobs or create intelligent kids to save United States. It's a shame that United States as a great country can't control such frauds from taking advantage of this system. Please do a thorough investigation on such people and make OPT rules strict to prevent such malpractices by consultancies. 

It is also important to save American jobs for American people. I would like to recommend that any employer should call foreign graduates only after they have interviewed a specific number of American candidates to make sure that the priority is given to American citizens. Please do the needful to stop these fraud Indian consultancies. Rather than giving OPT visas to all students who graduate here in USA, you should implement a system where students with good academic credentials directly benefit from system. Those who fake their credentials should be punished by cancelling the OPT and deporting them back to where they came from. 

Please strictly enforce OPT visa holders to work in their corresponding fields they have their degrees based on. Recently, I have noticed that many of the mechanical engineering grads started working with these IT consultancies with fake profile and fake experience. Please take necessary steps to avoid such issues in future. Please stop them from changing companies during the OPT period. This will make sure that those who fake resumes to join a company will pay the price eventually. Stop graduates working with fake experience and taking away American jobs!! 

To avoid faking resumes and profiles by these con artists, I hereby request DHS to enforce background check rules on these candidates before they even start their jobs. If you don't take care of concerns raised by American workers like me eventually this rule will be thrown out by another judge in the court. So I hope you'll address my concerns to implement a strong rule to avoid such fraudulent activities by foreign graduates and Indian consultancies. "

