Yi Shi I want to continue to refute arguments of John Miano who is the lawyer that brought the lawsuit

"The allowance of unemployment on OPT is inconsistent with education and
protections for U.S. workers" and "The Proposed Rule ignores the impact on American workers and
"STEM" graduates":

Although we have opposite positions, I still appreciate your reasonable minds. However, these comments
actually downgrade you to the level of those anti-immigration radicals filled with hatred and bigotry who
claim that foreign students take away their jobs.

Foreign students do not take away jobs. Many of them are talented and hard-working people with degrees
in MIT, Stanford, Harvard and Carnegie Mellon and they have passed rigorous interview process and land
jobs in Microsoft, Amazon, Apple and Google to create innovations. More important, they are NOT
cheap foreign labor and they earn high salaries.

I also 100% assure you that No US employee, who graduated from those elite top 20 schools, will ever be
displaced because there is NO "foreign cheap labor" that can substitute them.

Without foreign students' work, there is no Ipad, Iphone and so many IOS and Android applications.
Ironically, those who want to drive international students away are using these technologies to express
their radical oppositions.

You may dispute that there is no shortage of US students in STEM degrees and you may dispute
that why not invest in training domestic US students just as you comment that "the propose rule
will discourage Americans to study in technology fields"

My response is to ask you several questions:
Do you really believe anyone with a degree in a 2-year community college will be qualified to work
in Amazon, Google, Microsoft or Facebook?

Do you really consider how much time and cost it will take and how it will be effective to train
anyone who graduated from 2 year community college in order for him/her to compete with
students from MIT or Harvard or Stanford?

Do you realize how US education system will be hurt and US domestic students will suffer if
international students are discouraged from coming to US to study?(If you really want to 
encourage more US domestic students to learn STEM, you should NOT drive away International
students!)

Do you realize how much support is provided by International students to help local communities
and industries of housing, food service, academics and transport?
