I strongly welcome this timely initiative by the DHS. 

Today, foreign workers fill a critical needparticularly in the Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math fields. The best source of that skilled workforce is the foreign nationals educated in the US universities. 

The U.S. job market is not a "zero-sum game" in which workers must fight each other for a fixed number of jobs. The United States has the most dynamic and powerful economy the world has ever known, and immigrants of all types and skills, from every corner of the globe, have worked shoulder to shoulder with native-born workers to build it.

The overwhelming weight of research shows that in our dynamic labor market, skilled immigrants complement their U.S.-born counterparts. Skilled immigrants' help create new jobs and new opportunities for economic expansion. Indeed, foreign workers positively impact the wages and employment opportunities of native-born workers across our economy.

The important role that skilled immigrants play in our economy extends far beyond the world of computers and high tech, and skilled immigrants are helping to reshape communities far beyond Silicon Valley. They are making enormous contributions in almost every aspect of our economy, including manufacturing, medical research, healthcare delivery, and agriculture. Their contributions have helped rebuild economies in places like Des Moines, Iowa; Tuscaloosa, Alabama; and Raleigh, North Carolina.

For me, the bottom line is this:

In today's global economy, where other countries are spending billions of dollars to compete with America's ability to attract immigrants, we cannot take this issue for granted. If we continue to ignore the need for immigration reform or adopt policies that discourage skilled immigrants from helping America to innovate, lead, and create more high-paying jobs we run the enormous risk that America will be left behind, without a robust innovation and entrepreneurial sector.

Innovation is the key to grow