OPT Extension is a very important component that construct the high quality of the US education. Without more than one year's working experience in US, the degree we got in US will not be so valuable in our home country. Actually, it is a very important factor that many of my friends and I consider pursuing a degree in US instead of other countries (e.g., Canada and Europe), which are much cheaper. If the OPT extension is cancelled, the value of studying in US will be definitely diminished. I'm not sure how much impact it will bring to the whole US, but I'm sure this will become a very important factor when other people asked me suggestions if they should study in US or other countries. Studying in a country that allows students to receive the post-graduation training for more than one year gives us more experience and make us more competitive when we come back to their home country. 

If OPT Extension is cancelled, I will suggest my friends who are considering to study abroad to choose the countries, instead of US, that allow them to receive the post-graduation training for one year. 

As to tax, students in OPT status do pay tax! We paid the federal tax, state tax and city tax as others do. If this is really a concern, we can pay the same account of tax as US citizen does, although we don't receive the same amount of benefits as US citizen does from the tax they paid. Since we care more about the knowledge and skills we learned from the post-graduation training, we can sacrifice some immediate money we lose, such as the extra tax we might pay for. 

Actually, if you have ever had friends who are currently in OPT (Extension) status, you will find how hard working they are in the job and how eager they want to learn new things. Kicking them out of the current position is kicking out the potential talents from the US. (Most of students in US have passed GRE, which is not an easy exam that every one can pass. The process of getting the admission and degree from US sch