Yiou Wang I strongly SUPPORT the proposal. Please read the reasons why I think so:

First of all, the United States can not, and should not forget that numerous breakthrough and innovations in its past were the effort of the exceptional immigrants. The United States is a country built on immigration and integration of the world. The government should recognize that crucial component of the society and be wise in providing international students who are educated in the U.S. opportunities to contribute to the country.

Second, it is self-evident that most of these international students who would apply for STEM OPT are NOT the ones who cannot survive in their own respective countries. They could get a good job there, as well, but for reasons that include (but not limited to) a better living environment, a more equal society, seeking adventure in life, etc., they prefer to stay in the U.S. and get a job. If the students graduated from U.S. higher education institutions were no better than average American citizens, WHY THEN would we see American companies willing to hire them? 

For an American company or employer, the hiring process of an international student requires more complicated logistics than that of an American citizen. But the reason the employer still chooses to hire the international person is that the international person is more competent. He or she holds certain skills, certain knowledge, or capabilities that NO OTHER AMERICAN could equal. That is the sole reason I can find that explains why international graduates are hired. They fill the positions that Americans cannot fill.

Third, it is AGAINST THE CONSTITUTION of the United States to discriminate according to a person's race, ethnicity, nationality background, or gender. Although it is a sad fact that in the present society such retrograde, despicable discrimination still exists, at least we should take action in legislature to prevent it. It had been ethical in America's history, it is unethical right now, and it will NEVER be ethical to create more instruments for discrimination and inequality. It cannot be more humiliating to the Constitution to raise flags for laws that promote the reduction of equality. ALL MEN ARE BORN EQUAL. Americans, and international students are born equal. Both American students and international students deserve to live in a society where they are provided equal opportunities, and where they are judged by their merit, not by their skin color, or birth country.

Fourth, some opponents of the proposal argue that "international students' presence intensifies competition for employment." And that, is based on the FALSE assumption that employers favor international graduates BECAUSE they are international. However, needless to say how prejudiced, immature, and just RIDICULOUS this point of view is. In reality, most of the employers set rules against the employment of international graduates, let alone favor them. In the small proportion of employers who don't set such rules, they select the most competent candidates. Employers' selection to hire somebody is based on their competence and merit, and if an American individual meets the expectation, this individual is hired. If there are an American individual and an international individual competing for the same position, the employer will pick the MORE competent. And as the employer gets an opportunity to hire that more competent one, the society on a macro-scale benefits, compared to the scenario where the employer ends up hiring the less competent one. American government, it is your time to think: do you prioritize the society's benefit, or do you prioritize a particular lost American individual's benefit?

The government should be wise to make the rational decision to approve the proposal for STEM OPT extension. The anti-immigrant advocates take a different stand, probably because they were the students who partied all the way through college, and ended up being mediocre citizens, and they say that they feel their chances (opportunities, resources, etc.) threatened because of the international graduates. They say that international students are perils of the American society, but may I ask you, have you ever heard elites like Sheryl Sandberg complain about their opportunities being robbed by international graduates? The international-threat-to-resources is just the opinion the losers hold.

Please take your time to think. I believe that the OPT extension is not just beneficial to the international students, but beneficial to the American society.
