Yunfeng Huang Supporting OPT Extension for STEM Students

Policy for improving and expanding training opportunities for F-1 non-immigrant students with STEM degrees should be strongly supported and promoted. One of the predominant reasons is that F-1 students with STEM degrees have made a great contribution to the fast development in economics and technologies in the United States. The world is changing, becoming more inspiring and more competitive. International students with math, science and engineer degrees are contributing their knowledge, creativity and enthusiasm to the American society. Lots of great achievements in the scientific world were generated and developed by scientists with international backgrounds. Therefore, expanding OPT could provide important chances for F-1 students, to apply what they learn and benefit the U. S. 

Another reason is that modern economics and sciences are in need of multi-cultural communication and cooperation. Providing training opportunities to F-1 STEM students will build a highly alive and cooperative social environment, cultivating faster development and greater creativity. As we all know, a large amount of F-1 students with STEM degrees are serving as engineers, researchers or professors after graduation, and a lot of them have masters degrees or doctoral degrees, so having them contributing to American society also ensures the effective utilization of education resources. The extension of OPT could also help to attract more international students to choose American colleges or universities for their higher level education, these smart, creative ad young people will stimulate further development in economics, sciences and technologies. 

To encourage a diverse, sustainable, competitive and prosperous trend in American society, expanding OPT seems to be an important policy and a good tool which has been effective for years. This policy will benefit both international students and the U.S., so I strongly support this policy to be implemented. 
