The proposed rule to extend the OPT extension to STEM Majored foreign students is just not a good policy. With many american company are shifting job overseas. US local college graduates are having a hard time trying to place themselves ahead of the foreign competitors. But that is the sole reason why I am against this proposal. 

One of the benefit of hiring OPT student is tax advantage. Two student graduate from the same university, one american, the other one F1 student. The company will have an lower overall cost to hire the F1 with OPT, since they don't have to pay for FICA tax. So this create an unfair situation for local american graduate. Not because they are less qualify of a job but solely because company will have an less tax burden to carry for F1 OPT employee.

The extension are being abused by these company who would only hire F-1 students on OPT. And fire them when their OPT runs out, so they can continue to hire more OPT students. It is a vicious cycle. Company are doing this so they can avoid pay taxes. As a direct result of OPT extension, the proposed rule gave them have an unfair competitive advantage as their american competitors who are hiring local Americans.

we need to stop the trend of abusing these unfair OPT extension created to benefit these company.

Foreign Student who are need of experiences after initial OPT should obtain proper work VISA such as H-1B. Extending the OPT is not only not going to help Foreign students,but also hurt the foreign students' interests . As OPT is granted without Labor certification and prevailing wage requirement. This means they can work under their prevailing wage requirement. Let me put make an example, a engineering PHD graduate with F1 opt can work for 10 dollar an hour if that is what the company is paying them. This creates an huge loophole for company who are benefit from these rules, abusing the OPT rule and not paying a decent wage to the F1 students. Company who has huge leverage against students 