I strongly support the proposed extension. I believe the proposed extension would benefit the high technology industries, reinforce the USA's technological superiority in the world, and indirectly create more opportunities for the Americans. It is unlikely that any American who works hard and is willing to improve himself/herself will be impacted negatively by the proposed extension.

Many of the comments being posted here stress that jobs are being taken by foreign students, and therefore, limiting, or even completely eliminating the international students' job opportunity would bring the jobs back to Americans. This, according to my own observation, is not true. On the contrary, it appears to me that the America's job market for the college graduates with STEM degrees is well protected for the American's benefits, and will not be harmed by extending the OPT period.

Note that the proposed extension ONLY applies to foreign students in STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) majors, with at least a Bachelor's degree. Students in Arts and Business majors are not eligible for this extension. One observation I have made was that the job market for the students with STEM degrees is fairly good now in general, and is particularly so in the computer/network industry. At the undergraduate level, the employers are much more likely to recruit domestic students. The reason is that, positions requiring only Bachelor's degree do not usually require highly specialized skills, and the American students are sufficiently capable for such positions. International student usually cannot compete with the American students as far as language proficiency goes, and the employer would have to make extra expenditure on sponsoring the foreign employee's work visa (H1B), which is expensive. Even if the employers are willing to sponsor the foreign employees' work visa, the employers face the risk that the foreign employees may not be able to acquire a work visa simply because