I support this rule not only because it benefits foreign students, but also the fact that it will save cost and make America more competitive in general. 

America is the leader in many sciences and technologies fields in the world, but it's not safely beyond the reaches of its competitors. Companies in STEM fields, which make up the bulk of America's edge over other countries, need talented employees to outpace their pursuers. Many of the tasks performed require mastery that only hard work, industry and time investment can attain, which, incidentally, embodies the quintessential American Dream. 

In terms of job searching, American citizens have natural advantages over non-citizens through immigration regulations, it costs a fortune for companies to employ foreign students. But the fact companies keep on hiring foreign students imply a deep deficit in qualified citizens to take those positions. 

Of course, it can be argued that the reason to prefer foreign students are their low starting wages. But there are other costs involved. Many of the jobs require companies investing time and resources to train newcomers, with only a one-year OPT program, most of the foreign students will have to leave because they cannot get a H1B visa within their first years. The companies will loose their investment. Companies need to stay alive, and they are not stupid, if they could find enough qualified Americans, they will. 

Another point to consider is the PhD market. A large proportion of PhD graduated in American institutions are of foreign origin, they have spent many years, often more than 5 years in training for their degree, mostly with fundings from government agencies, aka Taxpayer's money. Once they have learned their advanced skills with American money, they also have to face the lottery-- a lottery with no regard to their talent. 

A 2-year OPT extension increases their chances to stay, and allow companies the peace of mind to training their new employees. It also allow