I strongly support this new OPT extension rule. First of all, the United States is known for its diversity; people are attracted to this place because its openness to a variety of people with a variety of skills. Therefore, the foundation of STEM program lies in its attractiveness to talented people. Expanding Training Opportunities for F-1 Nonimmigrant Students is a step to advance further into technology and intellectual improvement. I'm an international Business Analytics student from China and is now looking for full-time job opportunities. I have always wanted to study in U.S. since I was young. The reason that I chose US instead of Canada, Singapore, or Britain is because of it can embrace people with different beliefs and it absorbs the most talented people from all kinds of industries across the globe; moreover, it is a place to fulfill your dream as long as you are willing to work hard for it, I know in some place this cannot be true. People with talents and aspirations may not be able to realize what they want, because of inequality and red tape in the society. But the United States has always been different, that is exactly the reason why it goes ahead. 

However, some people might argue that complete openness to the immigrant is not a very good thing, because it will take over the local jobs, causing the citizens unemployed. Here I need to emphasize that there is NO conflict of interest: fore one thing, many foreigners will go back to their countries to apply their skills eventually. Before then, they just need to have 3 to 5 years of work experience in U.S. to be more competitive in the job market. The new OPT rule would benefit both US high-tech industry and international STEM talents. For another, people have different specialities to apply to different areas. The STEM program is focused on Science, Technology, Engineer and Mathematical area, where there are many other areas that people can look for opportunities. Moreover, even with in the STEM area,