Why are we denying our fellow citizens the sense of worth that an honest day of work provides? We need to stop allowing any immigration whatsoever until we know who is here and why and no work permits for foreigners until all able bodied Americans have employment, As a mother of 3 millennials and an employer for 30 years, I see so many of these young people needing even entry level jobs, to teach them how to dress, show up on time, service customers graciously - in short, how to comport themselves professionally, It is unclear to me how we have confused the original purpose of the minimum wage - excluding blacks from the workplace - to becoming "a living wage". Putting a floor on wages is a ridiculous idea but it was done to cut opportunity, not grant it. And that is still the effect of the minimum wage - to limit opportunity. Not every job will support a family or even a single person's household. Some jobs are stepping stones to other jobs. But every job is an opportunity to learn and make contacts, when did someone decide that certain jobs are beneath Americans?

We as a nation need to honor productivity and treat every employed person with respect. That means ditchdiggers, waitresses, custodians, maids, bellboys - every day they go to work should be a proud day. Because that is a day when that person is not taking the wealth of others. That employed person is producing a product or providing a needed service. The dishonor belongs to those who think they are owed a living by others, whether it be in the form of EBT cards, Section 8 housing, Medicaid or welfare. All of those just listed are part of the Welfarian sector of our economy and it deserves neither respect nor a vote in our elections because the Welfarians have no interest on investment in our economy. They are a cancer on the wealth of others. While no one wants our fellow citizens to starve or freeze, there is no sense in importing workers while we need to provide encouragement and opportunity to Americ